"(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it updated the iMac with fourth generation Intel Corp processors, better graphics, next generation Wi-Fi and faster flash storage options."
"LONDON (Reuters) - Google, which has been grilled twice in the past year by a UK parliamentary committee over its tax practices, had a UK tax bill of 35 million pounds ($55 million) in 2012, on sales"
"HELSINKI, July 16 (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is planning to cut 1,000 jobs in Finland from its mobile phone unit, a Finnish daily said on Wednesday, quoting anonymous sources."
"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is planning to cut 1,000 jobs in Finland from its mobile phone unit, a Finnish daily said on Wednesday, quoting anonymous sources."
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. consumer lawsuit accusing Google of monopolizing prime real estate on Android smartphones will help mobile rivals like Microsoft make their antitrust case with Europea"
"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Apple has provided no concrete and immediate solutions to tackle the problem of adults and children racking up credit card bills by making \"in-app\" purchases on tablets and mobile"
"NEW YORK (AP) ?? Microsoft wants a federal appeals court this week to agree that the United States reached too far when it sought a customer's emails that are stored in Ireland."
"The mystery of a \"gold artifact\" discovered at an archaeology site in Israel has been solved, thanks to a Facebook user, according to the Israel Antiquities Authority."
"The Facebook founder and other business leaders should push for ways to use big data to anticipate and prevent violence and terrorism, Sreedhar Potarazu says."
"Banksy's latest works have appeared in a refugee camp in Calais, France. One depicts the late Apple co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs, carrying a sack over his shoulder and a Macintosh computer."
"Tashfeen Malik advocated jihad in messages on social media, but her comments were made under a pseudonym and with strict privacy settings that did not allow people outside a small group of friends to"
"Apple and U.S. authorities have lobbed strongly worded statements at each other over the San Bernardino gunman's iPhone. Here's how it's played out"
"James Comey: We owe it to San Bernardino victims to get into shooter's iPhone to seek leads"
"The company has proposed that federal prosecutors withdraw demands that it unlock an iPhone belonging to a gunman involved in the San Bernardino, Calif., shooting."
"Apple CEO denies company acting out of business interests by fighting court order to cooperate with FBI's investigation of San Bernardino shootings"
"\"Steve Jobs\" director Danny Boyle and actor Michael Fassbender tell 60 Minutes that everyone knew a different side of the Apple icon"
"Self-portraits, abstract images and sun-dappled swimming pools will feature at London's Tate Britain in a major exhibition devoted to artist David Hockney"
"Fifty-one percent of people surveyed said that Apple should assist the FBI in accessing an iPhone 5C used by San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook."
"(Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday said Apple Inc's rhetoric was \"false\" in a high-profile fight over the government's bid to unlock an encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Be"
"WASHINGTON (AP) ?? A decision to reset the password on an iCloud account associated with one of the San Bernardino attackers did not effectively thwart the investigation into the shooting, FBI offici"
"Elon Musk will be revealing autopilot improvements for Tesla cars and holding a Q&A with the media on Sunday."
"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The prominent short-seller Jim Chanos, founder of Kynikos Associates, called the proposed merger of Tesla Motors Inc  and SolarCity Corp  \"crazy,\" noting that the combined company"
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.22 pct, S&P 0.31 pct, Nasdaq 0.64 pct

 (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
  
"
"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia's tax office will investigate Alphabet Inc's  Google for alleged unpaid taxes in Southeast Asia's largest economy, a senior finance ministry official said on Thursday.
"
"Apple's water resistant iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have better cameras and longer battery life.
    
"
"In posting the photo to Facebook, the East Liverpool Police in Ohio showed the hideous face of a crisis in American culture, says Philip Holloway
    
"
"The first Apple customers in New York City to snap the new iPhone 7 off the shelves cheered as they entered its flagship store on Friday (September 16), flanked by applauding sales staff.
  
"
"(Reuters) - Twitter Inc's shares plunged more than 19 percent in early trading on Thursday after technology website Recode reported that Alphabet Inc's Google does not \"currently\" plan to make a bid f"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Apple Inc  rose 1 percent on Thursday after German supplier Dialog Semiconductor Plc  said its quarterly revenue were higher than expected, adding to recent enthusi"
"(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc  is exploring live sports streaming and has held talks with leagues including the National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball and the National Football League for"
"LONDON (Reuters) - Global IT group IBM  will triple the number of its cloud data centers in Britain, it said on Tuesday, joining Facebook and Google in investing in the UK after its vote to leave the"
"Nov 21 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc is exploring live
sports streaming and has held talks with leagues including the
National Basketball Association, Major League Baseball and the
National Football Leag"
"Facebook tumbled shortly after Donald Trump won the election. Fears of how he might treat big tech and accusations that fake news stories on Facebook helped Trump win hurt the stock. But Facebook has"
"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's  Google is expected to reach a tax settlement with the Indonesian government in the next few weeks, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
  
"
"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday threw her support behind efforts to fight the use of hate speech posted on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Google's Y"
"BERLIN, Nov 23 (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel
on Wednesday threw her support behind efforts to fight the use
of hate speech posted on social media platforms like Facebook
, Twitter, and G"
"TOKYO (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee on Tuesday called on Tokyo to keep costs for the next Summer Olympics below $20 billion as the 2020 hosts grapple with ballooning expenses.
  
"
"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - U.S. tech giants including Facebook, Twitter, Google's YouTube and Microsoft will have to act faster to tackle online hate speech or face laws forcing them to do so, the European"
"(Reuters) - Apple Inc  has held talks to invest in a $100 billion tech fund being set up by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp , the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the ma"
"HAVANA (Reuters) - Google signed an agreement with the Cuban government on Monday granting internet users on the Communist-run island quicker access to its branded content.
  
"
"Dec 12 (Reuters) - Apple Inc has held talks to
invest up to $1 billion in a new $100 billion tech fund being
set up by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, a source
familiar with the matter told Reuters on Mo"
"(Reuters) - Apple Inc is concentrating on technology for self-driving cars, Chief Executive Tim Cook said for the first time in an interview with Bloomberg.
  
"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Apple Inc  offered a $1 billion bond dedicated to financing clean energy and environmental projects on Tuesday, the first corporate green bond offered since President Donald Tru"
"WASHINGTON, June 13 (Reuters) - Apple Inc offered a
$1 billion bond dedicated to financing clean energy and
environmental projects on Tuesday, the first corporate green
bond offered since President Do"
"(Reuters) - After Amazon.com Inc  completes its takeover of high-end grocer Whole Foods Market Inc , it might launch another brand with different standards, the grocery chain's chief executive said in"
"SEOUL (Reuters) - Global electronics makers are scrambling to stock up on memory chips to keep production lines running as Apple Inc's new iPhone 8 launch later this year threatens to worsen a global"
"BRUSSELS, June 27 (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators
slapped a record 2.42-billion-euro ($2.7 billion) fine on
Alphabet unit Google on Tuesday by illegally favouring
its shopping service.
  
"
"Surveillance video released from mall shooting incident in Albany, New York, as man sentenced to 3.5 years to seven years."
"WASHINGTON, Aug 16 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump
on Wednesday criticized Amazon.com on Twitter over taxes and
jobs and accused the global retailer,  without evidence, of
hurting U.S. localit"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday criticized Amazon.com on Twitter over taxes and jobs and accused the global retailer, without offering evidence, of hurting U.S. localit"
"WASHINGTON, Sept 7 (Reuters) - Twitter Inc should
provide an analysis of recent Russian activity on its social
media platform, similar to the one Facebook Inc provided,
the top Democrat on the U.S. Se"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that representatives of Facebook Inc  and Twitter Inc  should appear before the pa"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc  said on Thursday it plans to share with U.S. congressional investigators some 3,000 political ads that it says Russia-based operatives ran on Facebook in the mo"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc  on Thursday launched an overhaul of how it handles paid political advertisements on the world's largest social network, responding to criticism that it has not"
"WASHINGTON, Sept 22 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump
on Friday questioned Facebook Inc's decision to overhaul
how it handles paid political advertisements amid investigations
into alleged Russi"
"WASHINGTON, Sept 22 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump
on Friday questioned Facebook Inc's decision to overhaul
how it handles paid political advertisements amid investigations
into alleged Russi"
"Dec 14 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc will start
selling Google Chromecast and Apple TV, which compete against
its Fire TV, on its online store, an Amazon spokeswoman told
Reuters on Thursday.
  
"
"LOS ANGELES, Dec 18 (Reuters) - As Amazon.com looks to upend
the U.S. grocery market with home delivery, some veteran
supermarket operators are betting on a different strategy:
curbside pickup.
  
"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Facebook Inc and Microsoft Corp disabled a number of North Korean cyber threats last week, a White House official said on Tuesday, as the United States publicly blamed Pyongyang"
"BEIJING (Reuters) - Shares in several of Apple Inc's  Asian suppliers fell for a second straight day on Tuesday, hurt by a report from  Taiwan's Economic Daily and some analysts saying that iPhone X d"
"Jeff Bramstedt from California had never met Melinda Ray but he flew to Colorado to save her life."
"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Facebook Inc  Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and Twitter Inc  Chief Executive Jack Dorsey will not seek re-election to Walt Disney Co's  board because of conflicts of"
"LIUYANG, China (Reuters) - From the concrete bunkers carved into the hillside, where workers gingerly handle piles of explosive black powder, to the shopfronts selling colorful boxes of pyrotechnics,."
"March 13 (Reuters) - WeWork:
* SAYS SEBASTIAN GUNNINGHAM JOINS FROM AMAZON AS VICE CHAIR
  
"
"WASHINGTON, March 18 (Reuters) - Several U.S. Republican
lawmakers expressed concern over privacy violations on Sunday
after media reports that a political consultancy that worked on
President Donald"
"WASHINGTON/LONDON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Trade Commission is investigating Facebook Inc over its use of personal data, Bloomberg News reported on Tuesday, after a whistleblower said a political"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump wants Americans' privacy to be protected and welcomes investigations into reports the Cambridge Analytica consulting firm that he hired to help win the 20"
"March 21 (Reuters) - Facebook Inc Chief Operating
Officer Sheryl Sandberg spoke for the first time about personal
data that ended up in the hands of analytics firm Cambridge
Analytica.
  
"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Big internet companies and small software developers alike are likely to face scrutiny over how they share customer information in the wake of the scandal involving Facebook"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shares of online retail giant Amazon.com pared some gains after U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday repeated his attack on the company over the cost of its deliveries sent th"
"WASHINGTON, April 3 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on
Tuesday said the United States is subsidizing Amazon.com Inc
and that the online retailer must pay more to ship its
products through the natio"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Shares of Amazon.com Inc  pared earlier gains on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump repeated his unsubstantiated claim that deliveries for the world's biggest online reta"
"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova said she had a \"constructive and open discussion\" with Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg about the Cambridge Analyt"
"WASHINGTON, April 12 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump
on Thursday ordered the creation of a task force to study the
U.S. Postal Service and its financial difficulties, after
recently claiming w"
"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp is investigating the methods partner KPMG uses to crack down on the illegal use of its software in India, after a complaint from a senior member of the country's r"
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.80 pct, S&P 500 0.94 pct, Nasdaq 0.89
pct
(Updates to close)
  
"
"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street turned negative in indecisive trade on Thursday, giving up earlier gains as investors grappled with renewed trade worries and rising oil prices.
  
"
"Amazon Studios is getting into business with \"Get Out\" writer/director Jordan Peele."
"(Reuters) - Wall Street ended lower after a choppy trading session on Thursday, as investors grappled with escalating trade tensions and rising oil prices.
  
"
"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street ended a choppy trading session lower on Thursday, as investors grappled with escalating trade tensions and rising oil prices.
  
"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Tesla Inc on Friday asked a court to dismiss a securities fraud lawsuit by shareholders who said the electric vehicle maker gave false public statements about the progress of"
"PARIS (Reuters) - Greenpeace activists disrupted Total's annual shareholders meeting in Paris on Friday in protest against the French oil major's quest to drill in the ecologically sensitive Amazon ba"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc  next week will debut tools to let two iPhone users share augmented reality while limiting the personal data sent to its servers, two people familiar with the matte"
"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's Google told employees on Friday that it would not renew a contract expiring next March to help the U.S. military analyze aerial drone imagery, a person familia"
"Some black Mormons want an apology four decades after the church ended its ban on black people taking part in many important rituals"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chairman of the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee said on Monday he planned to ask Facebook Inc  about a New York Times report that the social media company allowed Apple Inc"
"At Apple's annual developers conference, the company unveiled new technology including features that can help users cut down their screen time. CBS News' Chris Martinez reports."
"WASHINGTON, June 5 (Reuters) - The Republican chairman of
the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee and the top Democrat on the
panel on Tuesday demanded that Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Officer Mark Zucker"
"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee demanded that Facebook Inc's chief executive officer respond to a report that user data was shared with at least 60 device manufacturers, week"
"LONDON (Reuters) - The former head of Cambridge Analytica admitted on Wednesday his firm had received data from the researcher at the center of a scandal over Facebook users' personal details, contrad"
"
    [SYDNEY] Google is investing us$550 million in cash in China's JD.com Inc. as part of a strategic alliance in online commerce."
"
    [SAN FRANCISCO] Tesla reached its milestone of building 5,000 Model 3 vehicles in the final week of the quarter and in the process became \"a real car company,\" Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk s"
"Facebook's Chief Security Officer Alex Stamos on Thursday made it official to leave the social media platform and join Stanford University as a full-time teacher and researcher."
"Amazon is known to scare investors and send stocks tumbling with news of a planned entrance into a new industry."
"Apple Music has more subscribers than Spotify in the United States. It has been officially confirmed. US based portal, Digital Music News has revealed that Apple Music has surpassed Spotify in terms o"
"The device, dubbed Frankinside Amazon, is a new type of digital video recorder for the streaming era and would include physical storage and connect to Fire TV boxes."
"Google on Saturday featured a colourful Doodle to celebrate the start of the 18th Asian Games where athletes from 45 countries will compete in 55 events."
"Apple is saying goodbye to \"Time Travel\" -- one of Apple Watch's under-used features -- with watchOS 5 this fall."
"Apple Watch's Time Travel feature never got traction among users and remained only a darling of the developer community."
"In this edition of TV bits: Chris Evans will star in an Apple TV show. Modern Family will probably get an eleventh season. Watch a creepy new trailer for Amazon?sLore. Go behind-the-scenes of Netflix"
"From The Eagles and Eric Clapton to the New York International Fringe Festival, there is plenty of choice among performing-arts shows in the Big Apple this week.New Yorkers can also catch previews for"
NA
"As residents in Thousand Oaks, California, grapple with the danger from a huge wildfire they're also still struggling with the deadly attack on a bar that left a dozen people and the gunman dead earli"
"The use of arbitration clauses, embedded in the fine print of contracts, has soared in the last decade, as corporations try to keep disputes away from public scrutiny"
"Apple-authorised resellers in India include the likes of Reliance Digital, Chroma and Sangeetha, which are largely offline sellers and see themselves as rivals of Amazon"
"Facebook COO refutes claims made against her in a scathing New York Times report"
"The tech giant plans multiple feature-length films, broadening its push into original content beyond TV programming"
"Facebook Vice President of Policy Solutions Richard Allan answered questions from parliamentarians from nine countries at a hearing in the U.K. Tuesday. CEO Mark Zuckerberg declined the committee's re"
"In the wake of production company A24 (the company behind movies like Moonlight, Lady Bird, Hereditary, and Spring Breakers) teaming up with Apple to produce movies for the tech giant, Paramount Pictu"
"Britain's top TV regulator Ofcom has urged broadcasters to join together to create a domestic SVOD service capable of taking on the likes of Netflix and Amazon.
CEO Sharon White called for the BBC to"
"As part of this new Pixel 3 referral program, Google is offering Rs. 7,000 instant discount to the referee, and a Rs. 2,000 gift voucher to the referrer."
"Allo users are advised to export their chat history, and look for an alternative app for everyday instant messaging."
"Xbox Scarlett may have more in common with the PS5 than you think."
"Blocking accounts on Facebook or Twitter is common among social media users. But airlines do it, too."
"Facebook said it would start verifying ads from Thursday and, from next year, show a disclaimer on all political ads giving more information on who placed them."
"The lightweight messaging app is available in over 100 countries got video chat capabilities earlier this year."
"Facebook emails show executives holding discussions about big companies such as Netflix being granted preferential access to user data even after Facebook had tightened its privacy rules in 2014-15."
"For months, the world's largest online retailer has been expanding Amazon Go, where customers scan their smartphones at a turnstile to enter."
"Amazon sale also has discounts on iPhone 6S, iPhone 6, as well as offers on iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, and other iPhone models."
"Microsoft president Brad Smith made the announcement at a Brookings Institution speech and an accompanying blog post."
"If Apple can quickly change a bagel emoji, maybe it can get this fixed, too."
"American Gods season 2 finally has a release date: it will premiere Sunday, March 10, 2019 on Starz in the US, and will be available on Amazon Prime Video in India."
"The first to take delivery would be customers who had reserved their Model 3 starting March 2016."
"Apple announced the heart features in September, but didn't make them available until Thursday. The features are US-only for now."
"Apple has never made cheap stuff. But this fall, many of its prices increased 20 percent or more."
"Google said it had partnerships with more than a dozen news organisations to deliver an audio feed in the same manner as its smartphone news feed."
"A preview build of the Chromium engine-based Microsoft Edge is expected to debut early next year."
"The move comes amid criticism that Google Translate often defaulted to masculine names when it converted text to another language."
"Internet queries about opioids are linked to drug-related hospital admissions 

-- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
        
"
"Apple has released the latest software updates across its range of products, though watchOS update is missing."
"Facebook is reportedly working on blockchain technology to create its own virtual currency but it's running into hiring issues."
"A woman whose child was stillborn has slammed the targeted advertising of Facebook, Twitter and Instagram after she kept getting baby-related sales pitches."
"A failure on Facebook's part to adequately redact a public court document revealed this information"
"Facebook - Myanmar's most popular and influential site - has been lambasted for years for its ineffective response to malicious posts, particularly against the country's Rohingya Muslims."
"Micromax is due to live stream the launch of its Infinity N smartphone on its Facebook page."
"Capping a tumultuous year marked by data protection scandals and government probes, Zuckerberg said he was \"proud of the progress we've made\" in addressing Facebook's problems."
"Kim's hiring comes after Doug Field, Tesla's chief vehicle engineer, returned to Apple in August."
"The social network became the most downloaded on Apple's App Store in the first half of this year according to market analysis firm Sensor Tower."
"Qualcomm said it believes Apple remains in violation of a Chinese court's orders to stop selling iPhones despite the iOS 12.1.2 software update that Apple pushed on Monday."
"Google has released a new holiday-season ad for its series of products ? the Pixel 3 XL, the Home Hub, the Home Mini, and the Nest doorbell ? that brings back Macaulay Culkin as Kevin from Home Alone."
"Cadillac is expected to become General Motors Co's lead electric vehicle brand as the largest US automaker gears up to introduce a new model under that luxury marquee to challenge Tesla Inc, two people briefed on the matter said Thursday."
"Apple is cutting planned production for its three new iPhone models by about 10 percent for the March quarter, the Nikkei Asian Review reported."
"These apps infected the victims' smartphones with ads, and the only way to get rid of them is to uninstall the app, or in some cases, flashing the phone."
"Below for the Xbox One is not available on the Microsoft Store for India."
"Apple triggered a selloff in global markets last week after it took the rare step of cutting its quarterly sales forecast citing slowing iPhone sales in China."
"Microsoft's Hummingbird app uses AI learning to curate stories and videos on topics you choose while setting up."
"Launched in India last year, Kaizala is now available in 18 languages across 28 markets in Asia, Middle East, Africa, and South America."
"A job listing spotted by Microsoft watcher Mary Jo Foley confirmed the existence of a Microsoft 365 Consumer Subscription."
"The New York Times late Tuesday reported that some 150 companies could access detailed information about Facebook users, including data about their friends."
"And here we thought Peak TV had reached its proverbial?peak. We forgot all about Al Pacino.
That?s right, the Oscar-winning actor, and just all-around Hollywood legend, Al Pacino is poised to make the leap to the episodic TV side of the business thanks to none other than Jordan Peele. Yes, we have officially reached the peak of the Peak TV mountain and it?s only going to be downhill from here, everybody.
Continue reading Al Pacino To Star As A Nazi Hunter In Jordan Peele?s Amazon Series ?The Hunt? at The Playlist."
"Apple Inc  held talks with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  and MediaTek Inc  along with existing vendor Intel Corp  to supply 5G modem chips for 2019 iPhones, according to an Apple executive's testimony at a trial between Qualcomm Inc  and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on Friday.
  
"
"Two shareholder lawsuits filed this week accused the board of Google parent Alphabet Inc of playing a direct role in covering up sexual misconduct claims against two former executives over the last five years.
  
"
"Google Play - Google's Android app and content store - is no stranger to malware, fake apps, and money grabbing schemes."
"Cosmetics and fragrance maker Coty Inc
announced a major management shakeup on Friday, two
months after the CoverGirl and Max Factor brand owner appointed
a new chief executive officer as it grapples with supply chain
issues.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp has
been awarded a five-year contract worth $1.76 billion for
delivering enterprise services for the Defense Department, Coast
Guard and intelligence services, the Pentagon said on Friday.
(Reporting by David Alexander, editing by G Crosse)
  
"
"Huawei's sub-brand Honor is expected to launch the Honor View 20 in the global markets next month, with the first launch event set for Paris on January 22."
"There's a new banner popping up in select users' Google Play Store home page, offering them free credit for app purchases."
"Google Pixel 3 has tied the iPhone XR?s score to become top-ranked single-lens smartphone on DxOMark."
"Google introduced mobile-first indexing about two years ago as it found that an increasing number of people were searching on Google using a smartphone."
"Google launched Duo in 2016 along with instant messaging app Allo with much fanfare."
"Amazon has partnered with HDFC to offer 5 percent instant discount to all users who purchase a Xiaomi phone during the sale period, even on EMI transactions."
"Google has now detailed how it manages to make the Top Shot feature work and all the processing that goes behind to bring that one good looking motion photo."
"There is reportedly no way to stop Facebook from trying to determine your location even if you have turned off location tracking."
"New USB Type-C webcams may add Windows Hello authentication to any Windows 10 PC"
"The modern laws of creative bankruptcy and burdens of Peak TV insatiability essentially demand that every movie is turned into a TV series these days. If it?s a movie property that?s idling, but doesn?t feel like it?s big-screen appropriate, chances are someone is turning that into a TV series. Case in point, ?Hanna,? the new Amazon Prime series about a teenage assassin.
READ MORE:The 50 Most Anticipated TV Shows Of 2019
?Hanna? is an adaptation of the 2011 action adventure thriller film that contains some prominent fairy tale elements, directed by Joe Wright (?Anna Karenina?) and starred Saoirse Ronan.
Continue reading New ?Hanna? Trailer Reveals Its Teenage Assassin & Karen O Unveils A New Song For Series at The Playlist."
"Ring, an Amazon-owned company which sells security cameras, allowed employees unrestricted access to customer?s live feed and home video recordings."
"In October, GM urged the Trump administration to back a nationwide program to boost sales of zero emission vehicles like electric cars, even as the government has proposed ending California's ability to require more clean vehicles."
"Apple may have won the prize for completing its search with the fewest hurt feelings."
"Amazon could build a stake of almost a third in warehouse robotics firm Balyo in the next seven years."
"A growing number of software companies are looking to bypass the dominant app store gatekeepers at Apple and Google."
"US President Donald Trump thanked Apple chief Tim Cook on Friday after the tech giant unveiled plans for a $1 billion campus in Texas."
"Microsoft Surface Go price in India starts at Rs. 37,999 for the variant with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage. Release date looks to be December 27."
"A teaser page on Flipkart seemingly confirms that the relatively affordable Microsoft Surface Go tablet is about to be launched in India."
"The reliance on U.K.-produced TV shows to flesh out US lineups -- especially on the streaming services -- is on full display this month, with the latest wave of this British invasion involving quartet of series making their debuts on Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, including a pair that deal frankly with teen issues."
"Tesla will stop selling the lowest-range versions of its Model S sedans and Model X SUVs. The higher-end versions of the S and X will still be sold."
"General Motors Co  executives on Friday bucked gloomy forecasts for growth and sent the automaker's shares soaring, promising investors stronger 2019 earnings and outlining ambitious plans for its Cadillac brand to challenge Tesla Inc  in the growing electric vehicle market.
  
"
"The announcement follows a promise by Apple in January to invest $30 billion in the United States."
"Microsoft Teams collaboration service has received multiple mobile-only features such as smart camera, alongside location and audio sharing."
"Amazon's Great Indian Sale returns this month with deals on smartphones, laptops, hard drives, TVs, and a lot more."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook revealed the extent of the success of Apple Watch and AirPods in an interview with CNBC."
"The eye screening programme in Thailand follows a similar Google programme in India and highlights a push by big tech companies to show the social benefits of new AI technologies."
"App Store spending between Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve topped $1.22 billion (roughly Rs. 8,500 crores)."
"The New York Police Department received an anonymous tip about a bomb threat regarding Facebook's campus in Menlo Park, California"
"What happens when the Chinese growth juggernaut slows? Or worse yet, grinds to a halt?"
"As social networking activity has become pervasive, researchers have been taking a closer look at its impact on our psychological and physical health."
"Google said new features such as the new post button, a customer tab, and the bottom navigation bar, allow businesses to follow and message customers directly."
"Here?s how you can download Facebook videos across all platforms, be it a PC ? Windows, Mac, or Linux ? an Android device, an iPhone or an iPad."
"Honor View 20 is ready to make its way to India. The phone will be unveiled on January 29 in the country. It will be exclusive to Amazon.in."
"Google Assistant will be available on one billion devices by the end of this month, revealed Google in a blog post."
"Deepika Padukone has mastered the subtle art of acing the much talked about airport vibe. Sticking to classics is her thing and the monochrome is her go-to vibe at most times.

Styled by Shaleena Nathani, Deepika zoomed out of the city giving us yet another all-black in-flight style to lap up.

Her Alexander McQueen separates features a best, high-waist fitted denim and a longline cape.
Also Read:Slay or Nay: Deepika Padukone in Kanika Goyal x Babbu The Painter for Facebook live event

Her trusty Burberry tote, thigh-high boots and Sunday Somewhere sunnies upped the look.

Centre-parted wavy hair left open and subtle makeup completed her look.
Also Read:#HappyBirthdayDeepika: 10 Unknown facts about Deepika Padukone
On the personal front, the newly married Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh zoomed off for their honeymoon post the release of Simmba last year, bringing in the diva?s birthday together. On the professional front, Deepika will team up with Meghna Gulzar for the biopic titled Chhapaak on the acid attack victim Laxmi Agarwal. She will be seen with Vikrant Massey in this story of trauma, triumph and the unquashable human spirit."
"Apple's warning on Wednesday about weak iPhone demand in the holiday quarter was a gloomy omen for Wall Street bulls."
"Pichai was the measured, mild-mannered political tenderfoot in a sea of Washington bombast."
"The items were first flagged to the online retailer by the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Muslim advocacy group."
"Next generation Xbox consoles? alleged codenames and details rumoured."
"PUBG Mobile India ban legal notice on Facebook, WhatsApp, and Twitter is fake news."
"Apple is reportedly planning to introduce three iPhone models this year, including one that will pack a triple camera setup."
"Microsoft?s Bing search engine has been caught serving child pornography images and suggesting keywords to find more such content in an investigation."
"The Kingdom Hearts 3 release date is January 29 internationally and January 25 in Japan unless you're on the Facebook Marketplace where it was available this weekend."
"Amazon is planning to expand its Whole Foods Market portfolio by adding more stores to put more customers within its two-hour delivery service range, the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Apple shares plummeted nearly 8 percent in late trading on Wednesday after the company cut its outlook, and as a direct result, other tech shares sank, setting of another wave of concern among investors."
"The government is also looking to ban e-commerce companies from selling products from companies in which they have an equity interest."
"A small percentage of Americans, less than 9 percent, shared links to so-called 'fake news' sites on Facebook during the 2016 presidential election campaign, but this behavior was disproportionately common among people over the age of 65, according to a new study."
"Apple led the global premium smartphone segment capturing 47 percent share of the segment, followed by Samsung (22 percent), and Huawei (12 percent)."
"At the Android Dev Summit last November, Google announced various optimisations towards foldable smartphones."
"Google later confirmed the acquisition to Fortune but declined to disclose financial details."
"Google has rolled out new parental controls which let parents control how their kids spend time on their Chromebooks."
"Google on Wednesday opened applications for the next class of its \"Launchpad Accelerator\" mentorship programme for start-ups using artificial intelligence (AI)/ machine learning (ML) in India."
"Google moved EUR 19.9 billion ($22.7 billion) through a Dutch shell company to Bermuda in 2017."
"Google does not need to guarantee the \"right to be forgotten\" to users outside of the European Union, an adviser to the EU's top court said on Thursday."
"Investors are concerned about snowballing legal and regulatory efforts over data use polices that have upset many customers and could carry significant penalties and costs."
"Amazon India can't stop itself from self-censorship. Male genitals and cigarette packs are blurred in The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel season 2."
"Under European Union law, individuals can request that a search engine remove certain links from its search results."
"Is the new waterproof Kindle Paperwhite the best e-reader on the market? Should you upgrade from the previous one? We review it to find out."
"\"Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous!\" Trump tweeted."
"In a memo obtained by Bloomberg News, Cook expressed his disappointment after Apple cut its revenue outlook for the first time in almost two decades."
"The US electric car maker Tesla CEO Elon Musk on Monday laid the foundation of a $7 billion plant in Shanghai, becoming the first company to benefit from a new Chinese policy of allowing foreign vehicle manufacturers to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries in the Asian nation. It has an annual production capacity of 500,000 electric cars."
"Multiple Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL owners are facing issues related to phone calls, ranging from poor call sound quality to inconsistent audio."
"Indian mobile websites, however, score high on product and mobile page design and 'findability', according to the Google-commissioned study from Accenture Interactive."
"Some analysts point to Apple's dependence on iPhone sales to drive revenue and profits, even as it tries to diversify its product base and add services such as music and digital payments."
"Clearly a lot of thought went into making the Portal optimal for connecting with friends and family. It's just a shame that it comes in a year full of privacy scandals for the company."
"Sahad NK won bug bounty from Microsoft for discovering a series of vulnerabilities that left over 400 million Microsoft users' accounts open to hacking."
"The Oppo R17 smartphone has now gone on sale on Amazon India, and is listed in multiple colour options and with varied launch offers as well."
"Qualcomm posted bonds of EUR 1.34 billion ($1.52 billion) as part of a legal requirement by a German court."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook confirmed Wednesday that the latest iPhones, his flagship product, are not selling up to expectations."
"Microsoft Surface family of devices has registered double-digit growth in the Indian market, and the Surface Go is set to add heavily to that next year, a company executive said."
"Tesla boss Elon Musk has been offered a \"green card\", China said Thursday."
"The Pataudis have been on a long vacation as they set out to celebrate New Year in Europe. Kareena Kapoor Khan, her hubby Saif Ali Khan and their toddler Taimur Ali Khan seem to have extended their vacation and are currently touring across the continent and their recent destination is Paris. After skiing and enjoying the chilly weather of Alps, they are in the city of fashion and a recent stylish picture of Kareena and Taimur are a proof that they are dressed up aptly for the location.

Keeping it casual, Kareena Kapoor Khan is her elegant self in denims and furry jacket whereas toddler Taimur looks as adorable as ever in his blue winter jacket. Saif Ali Khan, who too has accompanied them, seems to be missing in this picture. It was shared by Kareena?s manager Poonam Dhamania on her Instagram page with a caption, ?Love in Paris?.





Love in Paris ??????
A post shared by  Poonam Damania (@poonamdamania) on Jan 10, 2019 at 3:15am PST


 
Prior to this, the Pataudis celebrated Christmas with family, after which they took off to Gstaad, their favourite destination in Switzerland. They brought in New Years there and seem to have had a gala time with their friend Natasha Poonawalla. It seems skiing was a part of the itinerary and the pictures of Saif and Kareena going out on dinner dates too went viral on social media.
On the work front, Saif Ali Khan was shooting for Sacred Games 2 before he took off for the trip. Kareena Kapoor Khan is expected to start work on two Dharma films once she returns ? Good News that features her alongside Akshay Kumar, Kiara Advani and Diljit Dosanjh and also, the multi starrer Takht with Ranveer Singh, Alia Bhatt, Vicky Kaushal, Bhumi Pednekar and Anil Kapoor.
Also Read:COUPLE GOALS! Kareena Kapoor Khan and Saif Ali Khan make the perfect pair as they gear up for a classy date night"
"Apple has revealed that 78 percent of all iOS devices released in the past four years have been updated to iOS 12 by the end of 2018."
"Apple kicked off the battery replacement programme for out-of-warranty iPhone batteries in December last year."
"?A divorce could reshape the global wealth ranking. If the couple split their fortune equally, it could leave wife MacKenzie with $69 billion, making her world?s richest woman. It could also make Microsoft's Bill Gates the planet?s richest person once again,? reported Bloomberg. Amazon founder Bezos was dating Lauren Sanchez, a 49-year-old ex-news anchor."
"Google has denied it altered YouTube code to break Microsoft Edge, thus slowing down its performance while users streamed YouTube videos"
"Gadgets 360 staff members bought a lot of gadgets, most notable of which were the Samsung Galaxy Note 9, Amazon Fire TV Stick, and Nintendo Switch ?plus a bunch of not-so-mainstream picks."
"Google has announced it is bringing several new features to the Google Assistant, including the new Interpreter mode, flight check-ins and more."
"Microsoft brings all the features of Office.com to a free Windows 10 app."
"Foxconn will be assembling the most expensive models, such as devices in the flagship iPhone X family, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters."
"A lawsuit filed in a US court has accused Apple of making false claims about the screen sizes and pixel counts of the displays in its iPhone X series."
"CES 2019 saw Samsung showcasing 'The Wall' TV, with a smaller home MicroLED TV on display as well"
"Qualcomm
sought to become the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's
iPhone to recoup a $1-billion \"incentive payment\" that
Apple insisted on, not to block rivals from the market,
Qualcomm's chief executive testified on Friday.
  
"
"A US federal judge has dismissed lawsuits seeking to hold Facebook, Google and Twitter liable to victims of the December 2015 mass shooting in San Bernardino."
"Sony's 3D camera sensors get a reported oost in production as phone makers show interest"
"Xiaomi is also offering Paytm cashback and Google Pay rewards to customers buying new smartphones during the \"No.1 Mi Fan Sale\" in India."
"The last day to avail Xbox All Access subscription is December 31, 2018"
"(Welcome to Hidden Streams, a column focused on the best older movies available to stream on your favorite services, including Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and more.) The death of FilmStruck might make it harder for cinephiles to dig those older hidden gems out of the overwhelming piles of streaming titles. From lesser-known classics to cult favorites, [?]
The post Hidden Streams: Werner Herzog, Paul Schrader, and Other Streaming Gems appeared first on /Film."
"According to a report in The Information on Monday, Zuckerberg spoke directly to Smith on how to build trust at Facebook."
"The price cuts on iPhones by Chinese retailers began in the middle of this week, with at least six offering promotions this weekend, according to checks done by Reuters."
"Cook, in an interview with CNBC just six days after a sales warning sent shares skidding, highlighted a \"culture of innovation\" that he predicted would keep Apple a major force in technology."
"Cook received a $12 million bonus for the year ended September 29, the Cupertino, Apple said Tuesday in a filing."
"With help from Microsoft's Azure, LG's vehicle infotainment system will allow drivers to easily and quickly check traffic conditions, and more."
"Amazon is working on a game streaming service that would see it compete with the likes of Google, Sony, Microsoft, and Nvidia to name a few."
"The rules, proposed by the Information Technology ministry on Christmas Eve, would compel platforms such as Facebook, its messaging service WhatsApp and Twitter to remove unlawful content,"
"According to Apple, the slight bends are a result of the iPad Pro's manufacturing and cooling process."
"AMD has announced its new Radeon VII GPU, the world's first to be built on a 7nm process."
"A cyber-security researcher cancelled a hacking conference briefing on how he said he could crack biometric facial recognition on Apple iPhones."
"Apple has been seeking to diversify its revenue stream in the face of a largely saturated global smartphone market, with new products and services."
"A German court ruled on Thursday that Amazon's thumb-sized ordering devices known as \"Dash\" buttons do not give sufficient information about the product ordered or its price"
"Microsoft Surface Go, the Redmond giant's smallest and most affordable Surface device yet, started shipping in India on Monday exclusively through Flipkart."
"CES 2019 saw Asus showcasing its new TUF range of laptops."
"Amazon shares seesawed on Thursday as investors questioned how the impending divorce of company founder Jeff Bezos would affect his control of the most valuable company on Wall Street."
"The suit, by shareholder James Martin, stems from revelations last year that the company awarded a $90 million exit package to executive Andy Rubin."
"Apple has reiterated that 2018 iPad Pro ?meets or exceeds? the company?s high-quality standards."
"PS5 and next Xbox are in development, rumoured for a 2020 release window. Here's what we want to see from the PS5 and next Xbox."
"Apple is reportedly preparing to launch a new fifth-generation iPad Mini in the first half of 2019, followed by a 10-inch iPad model."
"Microsoft is reportedly building a new tool called Bali to provide its users more control of the data collected about them."
"In its first-half 2018 transparency report on government data requests to its website, Apple separated out National Security Letters and requests under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA."
"Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is reportedly developing a cryptocurrency that will let users send money via its WhatsApp messaging app. The new cryptocurrency would launch first in India?a country with over 200 million Whatsapp users and the world?s leader in sending money home.
Facebook Cryptocurrency
According to Bloomberg, the company is creating a stablecoin, a digital currency that is pegged to a fiat currency?often the US dollar. These types of cryptocurrencies are supposed to be less volatile than regular cryptos.
Though not nearly at a launch stage, sources say that Facebook is currently working on the ... 			
					Read The Full Article On CryptoCurrencyNews.com

					
						
					
					
						 
					
					Get latest cryptocurrency news on bitcoin, ethereum, initial coin offerings, ICOs, ethereum and all other cryptocurrencies. Learn How to trade on cryptocurrency exchanges.
					All content provided by Crypto Currency News is subject to our Terms Of Use and Disclaimer.
"
"Apple has confirmed that it is aware of complaints that its new iPad Pro models are reaching customers already slightly bent, but says it isn't a problem."
"Parakilas had earlier worked as Chief Strategy Officer for the non-profit Centre for Humane Technology."
"Google Chrome is getting a dark mode UI for Microsoft's Windows 10."
"An innocuous-looking Google Knowledge Panel bug has been revealed that has the potential for spreading misinformation."
"Amazon India has released some interesting statistics based on the activities of its Prime members in the country in 2018."
"Google Shopping experience will be available on both mobile and desktop as well as via a Progressive Web App (PWA)."
"Google revealed questions around FIFA interestingly topping those around the IPL events in 2018."
"Aaron Sorkinthinks it's time for a sequel toThe Social Network, and while it might sound like a nuclear pass to some diehards out there, it's not hard to see his point. WhenThe Social Networkarrived in theaters in 2010, it earned rave reviews and took home three Oscars for David Fincher's shrewd, gorgeous, and damning portrait of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and the twisted creation of the pioneering social media platform that would redefine life in the 21st Century. Less than a decade later, everything we know and think about that platform has changed ?"
"Apple supplier AMS has developed a light and infrared proximity sensor that can sit behind a smartphone's screen."
"Google Chromecast 3 is definitely an incremental update."
"\"What happens on your iPhone stays on your iPhone,\" Apple says in the message to be seen by tens of thousands attending the Las Vegas tech show."
"\"Apple was at a number that was incredible and they're going to be fine. Apple is a great company,\" Trump was quoted as saying."
"Zuckerberg said on Tuesday he will host a series of public discussions about the future of technology in society as part of his personal challenge this year."
"If a post by a Googler in the Chromium bug tracker is to be believed, Google wants to introduce the dark mode in Android Q."
"Apple says leading TV manufacturers are bringing AirPlay 2 support on their new smart TVs this year."
"Facebook said whether the app is deletable or not depends on various pre-install deals it has made."
"AMS already provides Apple with optical sensors for 3D facial recognition features on its newest iPhones."
"The move is a possible first sign Apple is looking to distribute its forthcoming television service on devices made by others."
"Behind Apple's disconcerting news of weak iPhone sales lies a more sobering truth: The tech industry has hit Peak Smartphone."
"Over 100 million Alexa-enabled devices have been shipped to date, Amazon has announced."
"(Welcome toSmall-Screen Stream, a feature where we share the best television shows streaming and where you can watch them.) It?s a brand new year and the slates are wiped clean ?which means it?s time to start playing catch-up with TV-watching once again! The endless viewing cycle never ends, but streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime, [?]
The post Small-Screen Stream: ?Atlanta,? ?Black Mirror? and Other Streaming Series to Catch Up on in the New Year appeared first on /Film."
"While iPhone activations on Christmas day are typically higher than any other day of the year, this year Apple broke records in US and Canada."
"The optimistic narrative about Apple's iPhone business is falling apart in front of our eyes."
"A bid to oust a Republican Party leader in Texas because he is a Muslim has failed after it was put to a vote of the executive committee.
Committee members voted 139-49 on Thursday night to retain Shahid Shafi, a trauma surgeon, as the vice chairman of the local branch of the Republican Party.
\"Religious liberty won tonight,\" The Dallas Morning News quoted Tarrant County GOP chairman Darl Easton as saying in statement.
\"And while that makes a great day for the Republican Party of Tarrant County, that victory also serves notice that we have much work to do unifying our party,\" Easton said.
After Easton named Shafi as a vice chairman of the county party leadership in July, a campaign began to oust him because of his Muslim beliefs.
The effort drew national attention and was denounced by Republican Senator Ted Cruz and Texas Governor Greg Abbott.
Shafi, in a statement on his Facebook page, said the past several months had been \"extremely difficult\" on him and his family.
But he said the ."
"ORLANDO, Fla. -- DeJuan Jones and Camden Riley were leaning against a wall in a tunnel underneath Orlando City Stadium, a look of satisfaction on their faces. Riley scored in Team X's 2-1 win over Team Nemeziz at the MLS Player Combine. His teammate Jones capped off a week in which he graded off the charts in terms of his athleticism and impressed with his production on the field as well. Each was content in the knowledge that he had increased his stock, in what could be the last ever combine,..."
"Wistron has revealed that it is expanding its investment in India to increase the production capacity of its plant in Narasapura."
"Google has transformed CES into a Disney-like theme park ? complete with singing animatronic macarons ? to showcase new features of its voice-enabled digital assistant."
"In a filing on Wednesday with the US District Court in Los Angeles, Musk's lawyers said their client's comments about Vernon Unsworth were free speech protected by the US Constitution's First Amendment."
"Facebook revealed its privacy-oriented ?Clear History? feature back in May, but it won?t be available for users until 2019."
"Google has begun rolling out its spam protection feature to its Messages app on Android after almost over six months of developing it."
"Lithuania's central bank said Friday it has granted Google a pan-European e-money licence as the Baltic eurozone state seeks to attract firms concerned that Brexit may bar them from the EU market."
"\"We are of course disappointed by this verdict and we plan to appeal,\" Apple said in a statement."
"Samsung said there's weak global demand for chips amid a worldwide economic slowdown, while its smartphones are facing stronger competition."
"Google Home has come out on the top for the second consecutive year in the Smart Speaker IQ test conducted by Loup Ventures."
"Powered with Wear OS by Google and running Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 Platform, the new product line is across brands."
"Google is planning to shift its Messages Web app from Android.com to Google.com, a commit on Chromium Gerrit tips."
"Google Lens has also been upgraded to recognise over a billion items."
"Facebook reportedly gave major tech companies like Microsoft, Amazon, and Netflix unfettered access to users' personal data for years."
"The Nokia 8 smartphone also gets the ported version of the Google Camera app, and the download link can be found below."
"US District Judge Edmond Chang in Chicago granted a Google motion for summary judgment, saying the court lacked \"subject matter jurisdiction because plaintiffs have not suffered concrete injuries.\""
"Apple will produce a new animated series starring Snoopy and the Peanuts gang for its video platform, a source close to the deal said Friday, confirming press reports."
"Our beloved trio will be returning for a fourth season of The Grand Tour on Amazon Prime Video."
"Abhishek Bachchan has landed the lead role for the second season of Prime Video?s Indian original series Breathe, Amazon announced Friday."
"Facebook has announced that its video platform Watch has clocked 400 million users who view content at least for a minute per month."
"Tesla's stunning third-quarter profit picture, boosted by its ability to ramp up production of Model 3 sedans, surprised naysayers."
"Facebook, the world's largest social network, faces a growing backlash over privacy and data protection, with revelations this week about sharing data with business partners adding to pressure."
"Amazon appears to be trying both conventional generics and private-label brands with their own identity."
"Is there anything users can do to protect their data without walking away from Facebook altogether?"
"This asymmetrical all-in-one looks like Dieter Rams' take on Microsoft's Surface Studio ? which some will love for its retro charm and others despise."
"Apple has already posted some job listings to source engineers for its custom cellular modem."
"As part of the overhaul of the feature, Facebook would be providing new options, including animated photos and videos."
"(Smithsonian) Scientists are revising the history of one of the world's most important crops. Drawing on genetic and archaeological evidence, researchers have found that a predecessor of today's corn plants still bearing many features of its wild ancestor was likely brought to South America from Mexico more than 6,500 years ago. Farmers in Mexico and the southwestern Amazon continued to improve the crop over thousands of years until it was fully domesticated in each region."
"The key highlights of the Huawei Y9 (2019) smartphone include 6.5-inch display with a notch, dual rear and front cameras, Kirin 710 SoC, 4,000mAh battery, GPU Turbo, and Fingerprint 4.0 identification technology."
"Google Play is offering discounts across categories till January 2, 2019"
"The US FCC said in an order late on Monday that it would grant Google a waiver to operate the Soli sensors at higher power levels than currently allowed."
"Apple has reportedly added a new series to its growing line-up, My Glory Was I Had Such Friends, executive produced by J.J. Abrams and Jennifer Garner, with the latter also starring."
"Apple Music Connect was never very popular and it will be shuttered completely by May 24, 2019."
"According to a report in The Intercept on Tuesday, the move comes after hundreds of Google employees raised internal complaints that the project had been kept secret from them."
"A digital exchange opening next week allows investors to trade in major public companies using digital currency on Ethereum. DX.Exchange is a first of its kind in the cryptocurrency space. The exchange allows trades to occur even when the markets are closed.
Stocks Held on the Ethereum Blockchain
DX.Exchange will at first offer digital tokens based on shares of ten Nasdaq-listed companies. The company plans on expanding to the New York Stock Exchange in the future.
?We saw a huge market opportunity in tokenizing existing securities,? Daniel Skowronski, CEO of DX, told Bloomberg via ... 			
					Read The Full Article On CryptoCurrencyNews.com

					
						
					
					
						 
					
					Get latest cryptocurrency news on bitcoin, ethereum, initial coin offerings, ICOs, ethereum and all other cryptocurrencies. Learn How to trade on cryptocurrency exchanges.
					All content provided by Crypto Currency News is subject to our Terms Of Use and Disclaimer.
"
"The Spark feature was first launched in the US last year."
"The 'New Year Offer' by Vodafone Idea is reportedly valid until January 10."
"The Widevine L3 DRM platform that?s currently being used by streaming services like Netflix, Jio, Prime Video, etc., has been broken."
"Jacksonville, Florida ? U.S. District Judge Brian J. Davis has sentenced Max Johnny Wesley (23, Miami) to four years in federal prison for access device (credit card) fraud, aggravated identity theft, and conspiracy to commit wire fraud. As part of his sentence, the court also entered a money judgment in the amount of $272,842.88, the proceeds of Wesley?s participation in the fraud scheme."
"Millions of users of Amazon's Echo speakers have grown accustomed to the soothing strains of Alexa."
"Facebook has rolled out Boomerang and Selfie features in its Messenger platform. Alongside, it has also introduced new AR stickers"
"Apple is the latest company grappling with increasing Chinese consumer anxiety."
"Meanwhile in India, PlayStation 4 rules the roost."
"Amazon Prime Video has released the first trailer for Four More Shots Please!, its upcoming half-hour romantic comedy-drama series, produced by Pritish Nandy."
"Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that new AI tools require companies to set ethical guardrails and think through how the technology can be abused."
"Google has announced that Chrome will start blocking spammy ads on mobile and desktop starting July 9 across the globe."
"The turn-by-turn navigation feature on Apple Maps in India comes along with Guidance Voice."
"(Reuters) - Apple Inc asked for $1 billion as an \"incentive payment\" from Qualcomm Inc in order for Qualcomm to become the supplier of modem chips for Apple's iPhone, Qualcomm's chief executive testified on Friday at a trial with U.S. antitrust regulators."
"Google is rolling out a new feature called activity cards to make it easier for users to find past searches and continue exploring a topic."
"In line with its drive to make virtual reality (VR) content more accessible to people around the world, Google has entered into a partnership with South Korean mobile carrier LG Uplus Corp."
"Amazon India is offering discounts and exchange offers on select Vivo smartphones over the next three days."
"People may not have realised just what they were granting permission for."
"The new Intel-Facebook AI chip will help with inference, which is the process of taking an AI algorithm and putting it to use, for example by tagging friends in photos automatically."
"The probe follows a complaint that Alphabet Inc's Google unit had \"abused its dominant position and made the efforts of other companies difficult\", the authority said."
"Nvidia is bringing its G-Sync technology to a dozen FreeSync compatible PC monitors this month."
"Facebook, Google and Twitter were slow to respond to Russian abuse of their services, leaving the industry more exposed to a regulatory crackdown."
"Apple's wireless charger, AirPower, missed its release window in 2018, yet again."
"Apple was yet to issue a statement on the app's removal, which was requested by a Truth Wins Out petition."
"Some arrangements enabled Facebook's partners to read and delete users' private messages; others had access to users' friends and their data."
"The upcoming OS will have support for Android apps using a .far file."
"All the newly streaming films of Netflix, Amazon, MUBI, and more."
"A federal judge ruled Apple's switch to Intel cannot be used to fight allegations Qualcomm acted to preserve a monopoly on some mobile phone chips."
"Both the Google Chromecast (third generation) and the Google Chromecast Ultra are available on Amazon's US website."
"Apple will carry out the software updates at the start of next week \"to address any possible concern about our compliance with the order\","
"Naturally, when people don't trust a thing the impulse is to stop using it. Quitting Facebook has become a meme - one that, research shows, some are actually following through with."
"Hotels that limit cellphone use risk losing valuable exposure on Instagram or Facebook. But they say the policies reflect their mission of promoting wellness and relaxation."
"Qualcomm is asking courts in China to ban sales of Apple's latest iPhone models XS and XR after winning a preliminary injunction against older models."
"CES 2019 saw Sony announced that the WH-1000XM3, WH-1000XM2, and the in-ear WI-1000X will get Amazon Alexa support in the coming weeks."
"Microsoft has reportedly failed to provide the app developers a large revenue share that it promised in May 2018."
"Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air - the Chinese company's rival to the MacBook Air from Apple - has received a new model that sports an Intel Core i5 processor."
"Apple's chief on Tuesday said any talks ended in September 2018. Qualcomm's Chief Executive Steve Mollenkopf in November made comments about the supplier's efforts to resolve the dispute."
"Apple Inc , which slashed its quarterly sales forecast last week, has reduced planned production for its three new iPhone models by about 10 percent for the January-March quarter, the Nikkei Asian Review reported on Wednesday.
  
"
"Millions of Americans are searching for health-related issues on the Web. One in 20 Google searches are for health-related information."
"Google can limit the \"right to be forgotten\" to internet searches made in the European Union, an adviser to the bloc's top court said on Thursday, backing an appeal by the U.S. search giant against a French fine.
  
"
"With all the talk of incredible Netflix subscriber numbers and the impending launches of Disney+ and whatever Apple has up its sleeve, it would appear that there?s not much room for growth for streaming services out there. If anything, common sense would dictate that with all the competition in the streaming sphere, paying customers would start to spend their money more conservatively and not just subscribe to every and all service.
Continue reading Hulu Saw 48% Subscriber Growth In 2018 Thanks To Popular Series & Cord Cutters at The Playlist."
"Apple's latest iPhones have been selling poorly in China because they're priced too high and they lack exciting features compared to local rivals."
"To begin with, the user has to say: \"Ok Google, make a donation\", or \"Hey Google, donate to charity\" to initiate the contribution process."
"Outside of Greater China, Apple has done well in mature and wealthy Asian economies such as Japan, South Korea and Singapore. But in the rest of Southeast Asia and India, where per capita incomes remain relatively low, the going has been tougher."
"Apple slashed its revenue guidance on Wednesday, highlighting just how vulnerable large American companies are to the ongoing U.S.-China trade war."
"Tech-heavy mainland Chinese indexes declined on Thursday after Apple CEO Tim Cook commented on the country's economy."
"In an effort to understand how Google search algorithms work, a Democratic congresswoman asked the tech company's CEO a simple question."
"Google has reportedly introduced a new feature that will help its users learn the correct pronunciation of a word in an easier way."
"Fresh CAD leaks of the Google Pixel 3 Lite cases reveal the design and dimensions of the upcoming smartphone."
"Microsoft says it intends to support existing Chrome extensions on the new Edge browser."
"\"The Tesla S sedan had inadequate measures to prevent a post-collision fire and had inadequate measures to contain a fire,\" said Chicago attorney Philip Corboy Jr."
"Xbox Game Pass could come to Sony and Nintendo devices if Microsoft has its way."
"Facebook said its investigation had not found that accounts or pages operated by New Knowledge violated its policies."
"A solid SEO strategy matters if you want your site and its content to rank well and thrive.
       
"
"Microsoft Corp  has been awarded a five-year contract worth $1.76 billion for delivering enterprise services for the Defense Department, Coast Guard and intelligence services, the Pentagon said on Friday.
  
"
"HP and Acer have launched the world's first Chromebooks with AMD processors at CES 2019."
"Rumours point to AMD launching a surprise barrage of CPUs with as many as 16 cores, at CES 2019."
"It should be no surprise to anyone that Google makes up for 50 percent of the products in this list."
"Streaming services are making more original content than ever. Here is every Indian original released in 2018 from Netflix, Amazon, Hotstar, YouTube, ZEE5, ALTBalaji, Viu, Voot, Eros Now, SonyLIV, and Hungama."
"Apple is back with another idea that it says will help rescue the industry - and getting a much cooler reception."
"A user of Amazon's Alexa voice assistant in Germany got access to more than a thousand recordings from another user because of \"a human error\" by the company."
"The conflict is but one aspect of the global legal battle between regulators, Apple and Qualcomm, which supplies modem chips that help phones connect to wireless data networks."
"Amazon is selling refurbished Xiaomi products including popular phones like Redmi 6 Pro, Mi Max 2, and more."
"A bunch of popular apps on Android could be putting your privacy at risk, according to a study conducted by Privacy International."
"Google's General Manager and Senior Director for Android TV Shalini Govil-Pai reportedly said that around half of Android TV users are derived from the operator partners."
"With the second release of iOS 12.1.2, Apple has reportedly changed the build number from the previous 16C101 to 16C104."
"Apple's reported acquisition of A&R and creative services company Platoon is aimed at tapping emerging artists for Apple Music."
"Oracle and Amazon have fired off early salvos in what is likely to become a protracted court battle over how the Pentagon should build advanced cloud-computing technology into its operations."
"Prime members can pick the Tamil or Telugu experience via the Prime Video app on Android or iOS, through the PrimeVideo.com, or directly from supported connected devices such as Smart TVs, Apple TV, and game consoles."
"The firm downgrades the world's largest coffee seller to neutral from buy, citing \"a number of points of caution on China.\""
"Apple's highest-end model will be fitted with a triple rear camera while the lower-end models will have a double rear camera, The Wall Street Journal reports."
"Qualcomm sought to become the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's iPhone to recoup a $1-billion \"incentive payment\" that Apple insisted on, not to block rivals from the market, Qualcomm's chief executive testified on Friday.
  
"
"Realme U1 will be available with up to Rs. 1,500 instant discount via HDFC Bank debit and credit card EMI transactions."
"The trade war between the world's two largest economies is starting to slow their pace of growth, especially in China. The  tension is beginning to bleed into balance sheets across the U.S. ? in Detroit, on Fifth Avenue and Silicon Valley."
"Facebook said on Saturday said the debate on content moderation should be based on facts not mischaracterisations."
"Google has added a side note that users who backup unsupported videos via the Photos app, will be counted as storage space."
"Noting that the patent has not been issued by the patent office, Amazon said that patents do not necessarily reflect product development plans."
"Amazon unveiled \"Key for Garage\" that will allow customers to monitor and control their garage door via the Key app."
"Xiaomi Redmi Y2 3GB and 4GB RAM variants have received a price drop, and the new prices are now live on Amazon India, Mi.com, Mi Home, and partnered offline stores as well."
"Google seems to be working to bring a dark mode to its Chrome web browser on Android. The feature is still in early stages of development."
"Tim Cook has revealed that the company plans to announce new services this year. The long-awaited Apple streaming service could be one of these."
"A former Edge developer has now revealed Microsoft took the decision around the Chromium adoption seemingly due to anti-competitive practices by the Google team."
"Playing Assassin's Creed Odyssey on Google's Project Stream for an hour can get you the full game for free."
"Google is speculated to launch the Pixel 3 Lite and Pixel 3 XL Lite with a price tag between $400-500 (roughly Rs. 28,000-Rs. 35,000)."
"Telegram for iOS app update v5.1 brings better Apple Watch support, a new 'Read All' feature, and more than 400 minor improvements as well."
"Google said on Monday that it is investing over $1 billion to establish a new campus in New York city."
"Google is studying steps towards opening a representative office in Vietnam, the government of the Southeast Asian nation said on its website."
"The Facebook co-founder didn't sell a single share in the fourth quarter, when the social media company's stock tumbled 20 percent amid a broader market rout."
"Palo Alto Networks will run its Application Framework and GlobalProtect service on Google Cloud."
"Facebook has elevated its senior Indian-origin executive Karandeep Anand to head Workplace, the company's two-year-old enterprise communication tool."
"Apple stores in China continued with business as usual Tuesday despite a court-ordered ban on iPhone sales, but Apple faces a growing nationalist backlash over the arrest of a Huawei executive."
"Google has also introduced the Google Lens feature in Google app for iOS, enabling iPhone users to use the visual search feature as well."
"European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager also signalled that Google and Amazon would remain very much on her radar until the end of her mandate late next year."
"Apple said on Monday it had filed a request for reconsideration with the court, the first step in appealing the ban."
"Apple Watch Series 4 got the new ECG app with the new watchOS 5.1.2 update rolled out just a day ago."
"Deepika Padukone - Her personal sense of style play can easily be defined as minimal chic. Occasionally she does quirk it up in tandem with her go-to fashion stylist, Shaleena Nathani.

Back to doing what she does the best - slay all the way, Deepika added oodles of quirk to her all-denim ensemble by Babbu The Painter x Kanika Goyal as she made an appearance for a Facebook live event in the city.

The ensemble featured pale coloured denim jacket and a mini skirt with decal print by feted Babbu the painter.
Also Read:#HappyBirthdayDeepika: 10 Unknown facts about Deepika Padukone

Bright coral tinted pumps added a dash of colour and elevated the look.

Her accessories of choice included a wristwatch and bracelets.
Also Read:Deepika Padukone or Alia Bhatt, who will play the lead in Sanjay Leela Bhansali?s next?

Textured waves and minimal makeup were courtesy of artist Sandhya Shekar.
Also Read: Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh click photos with fans in Sri Lanka, receive a warm welcome in Mumbai

On the personal front, the newly married Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh zoomed off for their honeymoon post the release of Simmba. On the professional front, Deepika will team up with Meghna Gulzar for the biopic titled Chhapaak on the acid attack victim Laxmi Agarwal. She will be seen with Vikrant Massey in this story of trauma, triumph and the unquashable human spirit."
"Apple has hired Jason Oberfest, former CEO of Mango Health, to reportedly help its users adhere to prescription instructions."
"The Beddit Sleep Monitor 3.5 is the latest in Beddit?s range, and is designed to automatically track your sleep and provide vital statistics helping you improve sleep quality."
"Facebook says the bug potentially gave developers access to photos, such as those shared on Marketplace or on Facebook Stories."
"\"Right now, there are no plans to launch search in China,\" Pichai told the US House of Representatives Judiciary Committee."
"The French government's \"GAFA\" tax\" is being introduced to combat attempts by the firms to avoid paying what is considered a \"fair share\" of taxes in the country."
"A global coalition of 60 human rights and media groups wrote to Google chief executive Sundar Pichai urging him to scrap the \"Dragonfly\" project."
"Russia said last month that it had opened a civil case against Google as it had not joined a state registry that lists banned websites."
"Pichai strongly denied claims by President Donald Trump and his backers earlier this year that Google operates with a political agenda that suppresses conservative voices."
"It's the second time in two months that Google has disclosed the existence of a problem that enabled unauthorised access to Google+ profiles."
"Amazon Digital Day 2018 sale will offer up to 80 percent discount on a large selection of digital products such as Kindle books, Marvel comics, more."
"'Always Together' is an automatic alert you can set up to trigger when the distance between your phone and jacket becomes too great."
"Australia's competition watchdog on Monday recommended tougher scrutiny and a new regulatory body."
"The updated Files by Google is 9.6MB in size and is available for download via Google Play."
"The CAD-based renders highlight the presence of a 3.5mm headphone jack on the Google Pixel 3 Lite and Pixel 3 Lite XL."
"Google on Wednesday announced the fourth edition of its 'Web Rangers' contest that will reward school students who know how to stay smart, safe, and savvy online."
"Google said Friday that an inadvertent bug had made its email filters go haywire."
"Apple extracts more money from frequent upgraders, but as product innovation slows, people are holding on to their iPhone for three years or longer."
"Toward the end of Apple's stunning disclosure about its worse-than-expected sales, the company's boss suggested a tactic."
"Harman Kardon has announced a new lineup of smart speakers at CES 2019."
"Apple is continuing to dominate the wearables market, but the company?s grip on the sector is loosening, revealed ABI Research in a report."
"
    THE smartphone market is following the growth-challenged path of personal computers (PCs). That won't please executives at Samsung Electronics Co and Apple Inc, but their pain might be great news for consumers."
"
    EVERY month, new controversies emerge regarding Facebook, Google, Twitter and other Internet-based companies. Self-regulation clearly has not worked, and this slow-dawning reality has led to a number of proposals to rein them in."
"Nokia 8.1 smartphone is listed to go on sale on Amazon India at 1pm IST today."
"The European Union is now considering copyright rules on this issue, triggering fierce lobbying from the creative industries on one hand and the tech industry on the other."
"Facebook is working on making a cryptocurrency that will let users transfer money on its WhatsApp messaging app, focusing first on the remittances market in India, according to people familiar with the matter."
"The PiP mode will work only on shared videos for now on WhatsApp Web, with support for Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram videos coming soon."
"Verifying user credentials physically is costly, but after the SC verdict, these companies have few options left to safeguard their existing user-base and add new ones. With Aadhaar, it was a simple matter of swiping a finger on a fingerprint reader. Physical verification involves submitting physical documents and having people verifying the authenticity of the documents."
"\"We build our products in a neutral way,\" Pichai said in one exchange with a lawmaker, and added later: \"We approach our work without any political bias.\""
"Orange is partnering with Amazon to combine their respective voice assistant technology, Chief Executive Officer Stephane Richard said on Wednesday."
"In a world where privacy is on everyone's mind, Apple is saying to the technology industry that it stands alone.
       
"
"Apple?s discounted battery replacement for iPhones is valid till December 31, 2018. After that you?ll have to pay full price."
"AMD has unveiled the second-generation of its Ryzen laptops processors and seventh-generation A-series processors for Chromebooks."
"Facebook and Twitter said on Thursday they had removed accounts and fake news pages linked to the Bangladesh government which had posted anti-opposition content."
"Xiaomi has partnered with ICICI Bank and PayU to launch the Mi Pay digital payments platform in India."
"Toeing Microsoft's line which has asked governments across the world to regulate this technology, Google said facial recognition merits careful consideration."
"Futures pointed to further volatility for the U.S. markets at Thursday's open after Wednesday's turbulent session, after Apple warned that its first quarter sales would come in lower than previously expected."
"The complaint filed Wednesday by Washington, D.C., Attorney General Karl Racine alleges that Facebook misled users about the security of their data."
"Facebook Messenger's much-awaited dark mode feature is reportedly being tested in a few countries before a global launch."
"Dozens of civil rights groups on Tuesday called on Facebook to purge Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg from its board for blunders."
"Jio Browser - the latest app by the telecom giant - is now available for Android users via Google Play."
"Facebook?s moderators are dependent on a bunch of unorganized presentations and spreadsheets to review content on the platform."
"Amazon.com reported a record-breaking holiday season as shoppers loaded their online baskets with items from Echo speakers to Calvin Klein clothes."
"Asus on Wednesday launched two laptops in India that are powered by latest-generation AMD Ryzen Mobile processors with Radeon Vega graphics."
NA
"The complaint alleges Google's Play store harms kids with apps that break privacy laws, contain adult content, or include manipulative advertising ."
"The tech giant uses a new machine learning anti-spam system to assess which review is genuine, and which is fake or profane in nature."
"Google will pay $217,000 and Facebook will pay $238,000 in response to two lawsuits filed in June that accused the tech firms of not obeying the state law on political-ad transparency"
"The VMC presently has two bio-methanation plants at Gajrawadi and Voragamdi, near Jambuva"
"Facebook has made live a new help page that informs users if their account was compromised in the latest slip-up."
"According to Google, Assistant will notify users on phones when its algorithms predict that their flights would be late."
"Apple Inc plans to launch three iPhone models this year with some new camera features, including three rear cameras for the most expensive model and two for the other models, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.
  
"
"Cadillac is expected to become General Motors Co's  lead electric vehicle brand as the largest U.S. automaker gears up to introduce a new model under that luxury marquee to challenge Tesla Inc , two people briefed on the matter said Thursday.
  
"
"Several Chinese electronics retailers including Alibaba-backed Suning  and JD.com  have slashed iPhone prices this week, after Apple  recently blamed poor sales of the smartphone in the country for a rare revenue warning.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc  shares seesawed on Thursday as investors questioned how the impending divorce of company founder Jeff Bezos would affect his control of the most valuable company on Wall Street and its ambitious expansion plans.
  
"
"Amazon  founder Jeff Bezos, the world's richest man, and his wife MacKenzie, who announced on Wednesday that they are divorcing, are the latest of a long line of rich and powerful couples whose marriages came to a public end, often with a hefty price tag.
  
"
"Door mats, rugs and toilet seat covers with the image of one the most historically significant Sikh sites, the Golden Temple, were being sold by some sellers on Amazon.com."
"Yelp and Consumer Watchdog lost their joint bid to intervene in Google's challenge of a EUR 2.4 billion EU antitrust fine after a court said they had no direct interest in the case."
"New Zealand warned Google to \"take responsibility\" for its news content Wednesday, after the Internet giant broke a court order suppressing the name of a man charged with murdering a British backpacker."
"Amazon Apple Fest sale is now offering instant discount to ICICI customers, in addition to deals on iPhone, 2018 MacBook Air, and more."
"In a statement outlining its complaint, the Retail Association said the \"main problem\" was Amazon's dual role as retailer and marketplace."
"(In Jan. 9 item, corrects paragraphs 5 and 6 to reflect that AMD no longer performs its own manufacturing)
  
"
"In a bid to show support for Huawei following the recent arrest of Huawei CFO in Canada, the businesses in China are asking staff to boycott Apple."
"Selection Day, Star Trek: Discovery, True Detective, The Grand Tour, Runaways, The Orville, and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ? here are the biggest new and returning TV shows between December and February across the world of streaming."
"PewDiePie is being promoted by hackers exploiting vulnerabilities in routers to hack Google Chromecasts, Google Home smart speakers, and smart TVs."
"Huawei Y9 (2019) will launch in India on January 7 at an event in New Delhi."
"The Indian government has asked Apple to provide information for 27 devices and 18 accounts in the January-June 2018 period."
"Nestled between icy peaks and lapped in frozen ocean waters, the tiny town of Tasiilaq in southeastern Greenland is home to some 2,000 people.
  
"
"Google Pixel 3 was launched in India with a price tag of Rs. 71,000 for the 64GB storage variant, while its 128GB storage model is available at Rs. 80,000."
"Musk had to resign as Tesla chairman under a September arrangement with the SEC to settle fraud charges stemming from a tweet."
"Musk said \"it's possible\" he would purchase a GM factory in North America if the company is \"going to sell a plant or not use it\"."
"Samsung is adding more content partners to its Bixby voice assistant, including the Google products and iHeartRadio."
"Google is working towards bringing group calling feature as well as a new low light mode on its popular video chat mobile app Duo."
"A fake app posing as the official companion app for Amazon Alexa smart speakers managed to top the App Store charts before it was taken down by Apple."
"Office 365 Home price in India has gone from Rs. 4619 per year to Rs. 5,299 per year, effective January 8, 2019, exclusive of taxes."
"The Microsoft Launcher app update also brings a new screen time card and widget, a new To-Do card on the screen, and quick results via the Launcher search bar."
"Xiaomi has launched a brand new mobile browser for Android as its latest software offering."
"Giannandrea, who joined Apple from Google in April, oversees the strategy for AI and ML across products and services, as well as the development of Core ML and Siri technologies."
"A lot has happened at Facebook since the events depicted in the film.
   
"
"Google?s Playground AR Effects has been ported to other smartphones and you can now have this feature on your Android Pie smartphone."
"Commuters will be able to view suggested routes for the ride as well as the estimated auto-rickshaw fares, making it easier for them to plan their trips, Google said in a statement."
"Qualcomm on Monday expanded its lineup of car computing chips and broke them into tiers of different price."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk joined the city's mayor and other local government officials to formally begin construction of a factory that Tesla has said will cost around $2 billion."
"Tesla has asked the Trump administration to exempt the Chinese-made car computer \"brain\" of its new Model 3 sedan from 25 percent tariffs imposed in August."
"Tesla cut prices for its Model 3 last month, the third time in the last two months for the firm to adjust prices in China."
"Tesla on Wednesday cut US prices for all its vehicles to offset lower green tax credits, and fell short on quarterly deliveries of its mass-market Model 3 sedan."
"Waymo?s self-driving vehicles are being vandalised in the US state of Arizona. Waymo is a subsidiary of Google?s parent company Alphabet."
"Tesla named Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison to its board to provide the independent oversight demanded by US regulators after Musk tweeted about taking the electric carmaker private."
"\"Tesla needs a few hundred more internal participants in the full self-driving programme,\" an email Musk sent to employees was quoted to say."
"It was the third time in the last two months that Tesla has adjusted its prices in China."
"Before embarking on a trip to the southern border that he has already derided as pointless, President Donald Trump stopped to chat with reporters about the ongoing government shutdown, whether he will declare a national emergency to ensure the wall on America's southern border gets built and, yes, his thoughts on the announcement that Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and his wife are getting a divorce."
"Chicago?s got a streaking, sports team winner, and it?s not quite apples and oranges."
"Bright Night mode on the Samsung Galaxy S10 is likely to enable users to \"take bright pictures even in very dark conditions\"."
"Even if Amazon leads the cloud market, it's not the top player in gaming."
"




AFTER A ROTTEN October and limp November, the S&P 500 tumbled in value by 15% between November 30th and December 24th. Despite an astonishing bounce of 5% the day after Christmas, the index finished the year 6% below where it started (see chart). The first trading day of 2019 extended the market wobble, with stocks closing down in Asia and gyrating in Europe. After markets closed in America, Apple warned that a sharp slowdown in China?s economy, and weak sales in other emerging markets, meant revenues in the fourth quarter would undershoot expectations by up to 10%. Coming a day after news that China?s manufacturing sector contracted in December, that spooked investors globally. S&P 500 futures dipped before Wall Street re-opened on January 3rd.
..."
"Social reading site Glose raises funds to expand into the education market; Accelerate Learning gains significant new investors,; and Grand Canyon Education seeks to acquire Orbis Education Services.
The post K-12 Dealmaking: Amazon Conducts Sting Operation; GlassLab Games Shuts Down; Follett Acquires NextTier appeared first on Market Brief."
"The CCI had said Flipkart as well as Amazon did not break regulations through their selection of merchants and brands"
"With unemployment in New York City at record lows, the battle for talent is raging as tech giants, including Amazon and Google, lay plans to open new or expanded operations in Manhattan and Long Island City."
"Here are some tips and tricks that will help you get the most out of Apple AirPods."
"Companies like Microsoft are now developing virtual reality to be used for workplace training, after VR profits slumped in the entertainment sector."
"An Indian Army jawan posted in a tank regiment in Jaisalmer has been arrested by the Rajasthan Police after he was allegedly found to be virtually honey trapped by Pakistan-based ISI operatives on social media and passing critical military information to them.\"The jawan has been arrested in Jaisalmer by the Rajasthan Police and the Army is providing all possible assistance to the civilian authorities in this investigation,\" Defence PRO Colonel Sambit Ghosh told ANI over the phone.The jawan, identified as Sombir, belongs to Haryana and was posted in the Armoured Corps of the Indian Army.Sources in the Army said the jawan was in touch with a suspected ISI spy using the profile name of 'Anika Chopra' on Facebook and was chatting regularly on the social media and exchanging details and information about the jawan's armoured unit and its movement.The Army is now tracking multiple accounts of officers and jawans to probe if the Pakistani spy account was in touch with other personnel to get ."
"Too much of social media such as Facebook makes people envious and creates bad mood that can accumulate over time into a general dissatisfaction with life, claims a new book.
Online social networks have made it easier to stay in touch with friends and family around the world, but a worrying factor is that they can easily become a \"den of comparisons,\" says Ashesh Mukherjee in his book \"The Internet Trap\".
Mukherjee, a professor of marketing at the McGill University in Canada, says as social animals, people are hardwired to compare themselves with others, with the social media magnifying this \"inherent aspect\" of human nature.
With people now using Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Periscope and YouTube to interact, he says compared to face-to-face communication, online communication prompts users to talk more about unusual and desirable products they own, citing research findings.
\"This is because online communication is usually in written form while face to face communication ."
"Germany's antitrust watchdog plans to order Facebook to stop gathering some user data, a newspaper reported on Sunday.
  
"
"Germany's antitrust watchdog
plans to order Facebook to stop gathering some user data,
a newspaper reported on Sunday.
The Federal Cartel Office, which has been investigating
Facebook since 2015, has already found that the social media
giant abused its market dominance to gather data on people
without their knowledge or consent.
  
"
"With the launch of the website, Hindi becomes the first non-UN Asian language to have that honour. The UN is currently also using Hindi on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to enhance its reach.  The inauguration of the Hindi news website is said to be part of a UN pilot programme to promote global rules and values using languages other than the 6 official ones"
"Five days after writing an open  letter to Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal over  Citizenship Bill, popular Assam singer Zubeen Garg Sunday  demanded him to return \"the votes\" obtained using the BJP  election song sung by him in 2016.
In a Facebook post in his official page, Garg also  offered to return the remuneration received from the BJP for  singing the song.
\"Dear Sarbananda Sonowal Da, Wrote a letter to you few  days back. Guess you are too busy counting the black flags to  respond,\" the popular singer wrote, referring to the ongoing  protests across the state with black flags.
\"So, can I get the votes back that you earned using my  voice in 2016? I am ready to refund the remuneration,\" he  added.
Garg has over 8.58 lakh followers on Facebook and the  post has gone viral with over 800 shares in less than 45  minutes.
On January 8, Garg had threatened to launch an  agitation by himself if Sonowal fails to take measures to  scrap the controversial Citizenship (Amendment) .."
"A mynah bird was found aboard a Singapore Airlines (SIA) flight while on its way to London recently.Around 12 hours into the 14-hour flight, the unexpected passenger was found in the business class section of the aircraft, Straits Times reported.A statement from an SIA spokesperson on Sunday confirmed that the mynah was onboard the SQ322 flight on January 7.\"It was subsequently caught by cabin crew with the assistance of some of the passengers on board,\" the statement added.A video on Facebook shows the bird perched atop a seat, with a steward trying to capture it, but eventually failing to do so.SIA confirmed that the bird was transferred to animal quarantine after the plane landed in London. However, the airlines did not say how the bird entered the aircraft."
"If revenge is a dish best served cold, then President Donald Trump is delivering ice to one of his arch-rivals.
The Commander-in-Tweet has capped off a day of online blasts by skewering embattled Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, who just happens to own the Washington Post, one of Trump?s biggest critics and a constantly source of ire.
This time, Trump turned the tables, gloating on Twitter about Bezos?s recent marital troubles, which are being covered with the fervor of a contested?"
"If this President thing doesn?t work out, Donald Trump may have a new calling in social media comedy.
The Commander-in-Tweet was on a roll at the end of the day on Sunday, first tweaking Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos for his tabloid problems, then taking down perennial target Elizabeth Warren for her ill-advised kitchen commercial, which briefly appeared online before being memory holed.
Here was Trump?s chortling reaction to Warren?s follies:



Best line in the Elizabeth Warren?"
"As smartphone sales growth sputters in saturated Western markets, every smartphone maker from Apple Inc. to Samsung and Xiaomi are looking to India to boost their fortunes"
"Qualcomm sought to become the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple's iPhone to recoup a $1-billion \"incentive payment\" that Apple insisted on, Qualcomm's chief executive testified on Friday."
"Aimed at Indian millennials, the M-series smartphones would be Amazon-exclusive and cost less than Rs 20,000"
"LG Uplus on Friday said that it would set up a fund with Google to invest in VR content."
"Apple has announced the availability of its smart speaker HomePod in mainland China and Hong Kong markets, starting January 18."
"Google Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL users may soon be able to enjoy HDR content from Netflix on their devices."
"Amazon's job openings in India are way ahead of those in China, Japan and Singapore"
"Amazon Great Indian Sale returns this month with deals on smartphones, laptops, hard drives, TVs, and a lot more."
"After Google, Microsoft, Sony, and Amazon, Verizon too has its eyes on the nascent game streaming market."
"Google has confirmed it will stop manufacturing its Chromecast Audio, a simple dongle that helped convert dumb speakers into smart wireless speakers."
"Amazon is offering a cashback of up to Rs. 1,000 on Amazon Pay wallet recharge worth Rs. 5,000 or more as part of the Amazon Pay cash load offer."
"Chip designer Dialog
Semiconductor, which supplies iPhone maker Apple
, reported preliminary fourth-quarter sales at the low
end of its target range on Monday, sending its shares down more
than 3 percent.
  
"
"The new Nissan Leaf Plus will go on sale in early spring and will deliver an estimated 226 miles per charge of its lithium-ion battery. That's more than triple the range of the original Leaf. The updated car will also deliver better acceleration."
"Apple will have to look beyond its tight ecosystem of hardware and software if it wants to grow its services business"
"Kareena Kapoor, the resident Glamazon of Bollywood never fails to stir up a storm. Back from a rejuvenating vacay in Gstaad and Paris, Kareena made a stunning style statement at the airport.

With her adorable munchkin, Taimur Ali Khan making his own style statement in bright red sporty Adidas separates, Kareena took to the infallible black.
Also Read:COUPLE GOALS! Kareena Kapoor Khan and Saif Ali Khan make the perfect pair as they gear up for a classy date night
Her travel look featured an all-black outfit with a sleeveless brown leather jacket breaking the whole black monotony.

A chic gold-toned wristwatch was accompanied with a Dior bracelet.

She upped the look with a Fendi handbag and a pair of triple black leather/suede Chanel running shoes that were worth a whopping 1,150.00 (INR 1,04,509/-).

Nude lips, a sleek signature high ponytail and dark sunnies completed her look.
Also Read:Slay or Nay: Kareena Kapoor Khan in an INR 92,408/- Alexander Terekhov wrap dress for New Year?s Eve dinner in Gstaad
On the professional front, Kareena Kapoor Khan will be seen in Good News starring Akshay Kumar, Kiara Advani, and Diljit Dosanjh which is scheduled to go on floor in December. She will also be seen in Takht ? period drama by Karan Johar boasting of an impressive star cast featuring Ranveer Singh, Alia Bhatt, Vicky Kaushal, Bhumi Pednekar, Janhvi Kapoor and Anil Kapoor."
"Fresh reports suggest that Apple?s long-awaited Qi wireless charging mat ? Air Power ? has gone into production and could be announced soon."
"The CCI had said Flipkart as well as Amazon did not break regulations through their selection of merchants and brands."
"Here's what you need to know about the markets before you start your business day.
    
"
"Samsung Galaxy M-series smartphones set to debut in India on January 28."
"Xiaomi-backed wearable brand Huami on Monday launched its Amazfit Verge smartwatch in India on Amazon.in for Rs. 11,999."
"Twitter currently allow users to share their YouTube activity via options such as going to YouTube Settings"
"* Supplying chips to Apple accounts for 75 pct of Dialog
business
  
"
"Chip designer Dialog Semiconductor said on Monday that it managed to hit its fourth-quarter revenue guidance despite a slump in iPhone sales at its main customer Apple.
  
"
"The Federal Cartel Office has already found that Facebook abused its market dominance to gather data on people without their knowledge or consent."
"Microsoft says it has been working AI for more than two decades now ? long before it was considered ?cool?."
"RBC Capital Markets estimates Apple's services revenue has slowed to 18 percent year over year growth in the December quarter."
"Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro was set to announce new economic measures on Monday after starting a disputed second term in office last week, although economists expect few major changes as the country grapples with a devastating economic crisis.
  
"
"Facebook has been in the news frequently in the last few years, and not for good reasons. With all the behind-the-scenes turmoil at theonline social media and social networking service company, many have suggested it might be time for a sequel to David Fincher?sThe Social Network. And according to screenwriter Aaron Sorkin, it might happen. [?]
The post ?The Social Network? Sequel Might Actually Happen, According to Aaron Sorkin appeared first on /Film."
"Circle of Confusion TV Studios, a joint venture between Circle of Confusion and ITV Studios America, has partnered with Amazon Studios to developThirteen, an hourlong drama based on Mike Oeming and Dan Berman?s Image Comics graphic novel Six. The project hailsfrom Stefan Jaworski (Those Who Kill), who will write, and Michael Dinner (Justified), who will direct. Circle of Confusion TV Studios will serve as the lead studio.
Thirteen is a sci-fi thriller about a?"
"In a press conference, Faith Rodgers and attorney Gloria Allred say private information appeared on the ?Surviving Lies? Facebook page after Kelly issued a threat to Rodgers"
"NBCUniversal, a unit of U.S. cable group
Comcast Corp, said on Monday it planned to launch a
streaming service in early 2020, stepping into a market
dominated by Netflix Inc and Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"Comcast's NBCUniversal will
launch a streaming media service in early 2020 under a pricing
model that seeks to mollify traditional pay TV providers while
going after a market dominated by Netflix Inc and
Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"It?s a new year, but the 44th season of Saturday Night Live is only halfway done. The late night sketch series returns this weekend with first-time host Rachel Brosnahan, who has been getting acclaim and awards left and right for her leading role on the Amazon series The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. Then later this month, [?]
The post ?Saturday Night Live? Taps ?Marvelous Mrs. Maisel? and ?Glass? Stars as January Hosts appeared first on /Film."
"?Sake Dean Mahomed first served as a surgeon in the Britain's army. He then opened the first Indian restaurant in London in 1810
He was the first Indian to write to a book in English language. He introduced \"shampooing\" in the United Kingdom."
"Verizon Communications Inc  said on Tuesday it will include free Apple Music subscriptions in some of its top-tier U.S. data plans, deepening its ties with the iPhone maker.
  
"
"Late last year, A24 and Apple confirmed rumors that they would be teaming together for multiple original films exclusive to the tech giant?s forthcoming streaming service. They?ve now announced the first film in the lineup and it?s a mightily enticing one. Sofia Coppola is set to reteam with her Lost in Translation star Bill Murray [?]"
"Drugstore chain Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc and Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday they have entered a seven-year agreement to research and develop new methods of delivering healthcare services through digital devices.
  
"
"A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday upheld a judgment worth $440 million that was won by intellectual property licensing firm VirnetX Inc against Apple Inc in a patent infringement case.
  
"
"Facebook Inc  will invest $300 million over three years in local news globally as it faces blistering criticism over its role in the erosion of the news business worldwide.
  
"
"Google will start removing apps which unjustly require SMS and call logs permission from the Play Store in the next few weeks."
"A patent lawsuit filed by Qualcomm Inc against Apple Inc was thrown out by a German court on Tuesday, in a reversal for the U.S. chipmaker after it won a recent court ban on the sale of some iPhones in the country.
  
"
"Brokerage firm TD Ameritrade Holding Corp is tapping Apple Inc to help solve a problem that has lingered for decades: how to get money into a brokerage account and make it available to trade with on the same day.
  
"
"A patent lawsuit filed by Qualcomm against Apple was thrown out by a German court on Tuesday, in a reversal for the US chipmaker."
"Facebook is testing a new feature to let users share events that they are interesting in attending to on their Stories."
"Newspack is a fast, secure, low-cost publishing system tailor-made to the needs of small newsrooms, Google said in a statement on Monday."
"Apple kicked off its $29 battery replacement programme in late December 2017 to compensate the slowing down of old iPhone models."
"As per Apple COO Jeff Williams's testimony in court during the FTC trial against Qualcomm, the latter refused to sell its 4G LTE modems to Apple because of the companies' licensing dispute."
"Snap is losing another high-profile executive. Chief Financial Officer Tim Stone told Snap on Tuesday that he was leaving the company, just eight months after moving to Snap from Amazon."
"Apple launched the sixth-generation iPod touch back in July 2015."
"Natalie appreciated being able to do \"stupid things\" during her college days that weren't broadcast on the social networking site."
"An Indian soldier \"honey trapped\" into giving sensitive information to a fake Pakistani Facebook account is part of a widespread \"catfishing\" problem facing India's military, an army chief has revealed."
"The Republic Day Sale on Flipkart will go on until January 22, unlike Amazon's Great Indian Sale that will last until January 23."
"\"Becoming\" by Michelle Obama is not just one of the best-selling books of the past year ? it is one of the hottest titles of the decade.
    
"
"Destroying unsold goods is allowed under Amazon's contracts with sellers on its \"Marketplace\" platform."
"LG?s flagship V40 ThinQ from 2018, is expected to launch by end of January, exclusively on Amazon India."
"After the success of Julia Roberts?Homecoming, it seems like all the big projects starring high-profile actresses are starting to come out of the woodwork at Amazon. The latest Amazon series,The Widow, is an eight-episode thriller starringKate Beckinsale as a woman whose ?late? husband may not be so dead after all. WatchThe Widow trailer below. The [?]
The post ?The Widow? Trailer: Kate Beckinsale Looks for Her Missing Husband in New Amazon Series appeared first on /Film."
"A Wedbush analyst claims that Apple is expected to announce significant price cuts for the iPhone XR in China in the coming months."
"Facebook will invest $300 million over three years in local news globally as it faces blistering criticism over its role in the erosion of the news business worldwide."
"AMD has disclosed several details of the upcoming flagship Radeon VII GPU, which was announced at CES last week."
"Sixteen years have passed since Sofia Coppola and Bill Murray got lost in the neon-lit streets of Tokyo, but now the director and herLost in Translation star are reuniting for Apple?s first original film. Coppola will be directing Murray andRashida Jones inOn the Rocks, a father-daughter drama that will mark the firstproject under the pact [?]
The post First Apple Original Movie Will Be a Sofia Coppola A24 Film Starring Bill Murray, Rashida Jones appeared first on /Film."
"Microsoft will stop seeding updates and security fixes for Windows 7 in January next year, while the paid extended support for enterprise users ends in 2023."
"Jim Cramer says the move would boost Apple's stock price and give the company a surefire way to solidify its place in the health-care arena."
"Jim Cramer explains what Netflix's subscription price increase means for other service providers."
"Health care companies and tech companies are working together these days to combat the threat from Amazon."
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"Apple just announced new smart battery cases for the iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max and iPhone XR. The cases cost $129."
"Apple reportedly upgraded about 11 million iPhone batteries during its iPhone battery replacement program. It had expected about 1 million to 2 million, according to a report."
"The first two job openings referencing Amazon's HQ2 in New York are for Intelligent Cloud Control, a team that helps connect Amazon sites"
"Film fans had to wait four long years, between the releases of ?The Bling Ring? and ?The Beguiled,? for more Sofia Coppola goodness. But it appears it won?t take her that long to come back with her latest film, and she?s bringing one of her favorite collaborators along for the journey.
According to The Wrap, Coppola has agreed to write and direct her next film ?On the Rocks? for A24 and Apple.
Continue reading Sofia Coppola Teams With Bill Murray & Rashida Jones For First Film In The A24/Apple Partnership at The Playlist."
"There aren?t very many instances where a biopic gets a sequel, but in the case of ?The Social Network,? it would appear that we are looking at a situation that might warrant one.
Released in 2010, ?The Social Network? told the story of the early days of Facebook and its creator Mark Zuckerberg. And in focusing on the early days, the film came to a conclusion that might be viewed as a bit premature.
Continue reading Aaron Sorkin Admits Interest In ?Social Network? Sequel & Says There?s Plenty To Cover at The Playlist."
NA
"Josh Homme, Miley Cyrus, Miguel, and others have been added to ?I Am the Highway: A Tribute to Chris Cornell?"
"The first film in a new partnership between A24 and Apple"
"Facebook Inc told Reuters on Tuesday that it would extend some of its political advertising rules and tools for curbing election interference to India, Nigeria, Ukraine and the European Union before significant votes in the next few months.
  
"
"The new Amazon Fire TV Stick along with the all-new Alexa Voice Remote comes with a price tag of Rs. 3,999."
"Microsoft and Walgreens said on Tuesday they have entered a seven-year agreement to research and develop new methods of delivering healthcare services through digital devices."
"Bill Murray and Sofia Coppola are reteaming for a new feature-length film called On the Rocks, which will be the first original feature film for Apple, as part of its multi-year partnership with indie studio A24."
"As the largest social media service in nearly every big country, Facebook since 2016 has become a means for politicians and their adversaries to distribute fake news and other propaganda."
"Facebook said that it would extend some of its political advertising rules and tools for curbing election interference to India, Nigeria, Ukraine and the EU before significant votes in the next few months. Buying Facebook ads can widen the audience for such material, but some of those influence efforts may violate election rules and the company?s policies."
"Alhamdulillah, almost 400%. Safe from the 2nd wave 2019 with MM setting high monthly return."
"Prizes for hacking a Tesla Model 3 range from $35,000 to $300,000, depending on a variety of factors including the exploit used."
"The Smart Battery Case for the iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max, and iPhone XR comes in the US with a price tag of $129 (roughly Rs. 9,200)."
"With the clock ticking down to March 29, the date set in law for Brexit, the United Kingdom is now in the deepest political crisis in half a century as it grapples with how, or even whether, to exit the European project it joined in 1973."
"Much more has transpired in the Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg stories since the first movie, with the Cambridge Analytica scandal taking the limelight"
"Fortnite's popular albeit controversial dance emotes may have resulted in Microsoft-owned Playground Games from removing similar content from Forza Horizon 4."
"LG will launch the V40 ThinQ on January 20 in India, exclusively on Amazon."
"Microsoft?s corporate venture fund is leading a series-B round in Innovaccer, a healthcare data platform company."
"Tourism operators in Australia's vast outback say wild inaccuracies in Google Maps are making remote hot spots appear out of reach, deterring people from visiting the region."
"Google has asked developers to submit 64-bit versions of their apps starting August this year and has also revealed that 32-bit support ends in 2021."
"A rare discussion with foreign media is shedding new light on the tech tycoon.
    
"
"Microsoft India on Wednesday announced to set up Artificial Intelligence (AI) labs in 10 universities and train five lakh youth across the country in disrupting technologies."
"From announcing all-electric cars to adding assembly lines specifically for plug-in models, auto executives are ramping up their electric vehicle plans in a nod to Elon Musk's success at Tesla."
"A Windows 10 build has been spotted that could be designed specifically for foldable devices."
"Amazon Great Indian Sale with discounts on the Huawei Nova 3i, Nova 3, P20 Lite, and P20 Pro will be kicked off on January 20."
"Months after companies like Facebook and Apple deleted InfoWars apps and channels, Roku allowed an updated InfoWars app on its service."
"\"You know what they are? They're 'Amazon' but they make money,\" CNBC's Jim Cramer says after Bank of America's strong quarterly earnings."
"India's new foreign investment restrictions for its e-commerce sector, which includes giants such as Amazon.com Inc and Walmart-owned Flipkart, could reduce online sales by $46 billion by 2022, according to a draft analysis from global consultants PwC seen by Reuters.
  
"
"Tips on how to create letters using discovered type and how to add depth to your letters using the iPad."
"Insurers are finding reasons to provide Apple Watches to members."
"Though she will remain as an executive producer for the Amazon series, Julia Roberts will not be reprising her starring role in Homecoming Season 2. THR reports that Roberts only ever signed on for a one season commitment, although the show was picked up for two. Amazon has not commented on whether or not any of the other Season 1 cast, includingStephan James, Bobby Cannavale, Shea Whigham, Alex Karpovsky and Sissy Spacek, will be back or not. In the second season of the Gimlet Media podcast on which the series is based, Heidi (played by Roberts in Amazon's ?"
"Sorry folks, but the whole ?Julia Roberts does a TV show? thing is officially over. After earning pretty stellar reviews for her performance in Sam Esmail?s ?Homecoming,? the Academy Award-winning actress has hung up her TV shoes for now and won?t be returning for Season 2 of Amazon?s thriller.
According to THR, Season 2 of ?Homecoming? will be without its original star moving forward.
Continue reading Julia Roberts Will Not Be Returning To Amazon Series ?Homecoming? In Season 2 at The Playlist."
"The company's six-month lockup period following its IPO just expired, ushering in a wave of sales by early investors."
"Sean Gilliam was scrolling through Facebook and saw friend after friend fretting over the government shutdown and wondering how they would feed their kids. It only took the Memphis chef about five minutes to come up with a plan to help.
    
"
"Google's video sharing platform updated its guidelines on Tuesday to clarify that it won't allow the publication of videos encouraging dangerous activities."
"This is one sequel that could be necessary and relevant.
The post ?The Social Network? Sequel Will Address Facebook?s Recent Scandals appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"If you were hoping to seeJulia Roberts inHomecoming season 2, I have some bad news. While Roberts will remain an executive producer on the fantastic Amazon series fromMr. Robot creatorSam Esmail, she won?t be returning to play her season 1 characterHeidi Bergman. This is a bit disappointing, as Roberts turned in a wonderful performance in [?]
The post ?Homecoming? Season 2 Will Not Feature Julia Roberts appeared first on /Film."
"U.S. Senator Marco Rubio
introduced a bill on Wednesday aimed at giving Americans some
control over information that big, online companies like
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google collect
on their location, personal preferences, job history or
biometric data like fingerprints.
  
"
"U.S. Senator Marco Rubio introduced a bill on Wednesday aimed at giving Americans some control over information that big, online companies like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google collect on their location, personal preferences, job history or biometric data like fingerprints.
  
"
"U.S. Senator Marco Rubio introduced a bill on Wednesday aimed at giving Americans more control over information that online companies like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google collect on their location, financial data, job history or biometric data like fingerprints.
  
"
"U.S. Senator Marco Rubio
introduced a bill on Wednesday aimed at giving Americans more
control over information that online companies like Facebook Inc
and Alphabet Inc's Google collect on their
location, financial data, job history or biometric data like
fingerprints.
  
"
"
    GOOGLE is planning to expand in Singapore, going by market talk that it plans to boost its real estate footprint on the island."
"Apple Inc will cut back on hiring for some divisions after lower-than-expected iPhone sales and missing its revenue forecast for the holiday quarter, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Apple Inc will cut back on
hiring for some divisions after lower-than-expected iPhone sales
and missing its revenue forecast for the holiday quarter,
Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources familiar with
the matter.
  
"
"Apple orchards surrounded by agricultural lands are visited by a less diverse collection of bee species than orchards surrounded by natural habitats."
"Facebook removed hundreds of pages on Thursday it said posed as independent news sites in eastern Europe and elsewhere but were actually run by employees at Russian state-owned news agency Sputnik."
"Phoenix Police are investigating the discovery of a newborn's remains in the garbage at an Amazon distribution center."
"WhatsApp Messenger crossed Facebook to become the most popular Facebook-owned app in the last year. The chat app grew 30 percent."
"Facebook said it had removed hundreds of Russia-initiated pages, accounts, and groups that it judged to be involved in coordinated inauthentic behaviour."
"The downbeat forecast by TSMC, a proxy for global tech demand with clients like Apple, Qualcomm, and Huawei bodes ill for its peers and suppliers such as Intel and Nvidia."
"Microsoft is separating Search and voice assistant Cortana in Windows 10, giving them their own distinct locations on the taskbar."
"Whereas Australia's bugbear has been their inability to push past the 300-run barrier twice in a row"
"Tesla investors are suing Musk for his infamous tweets about ?taking Tesla private at $420?"
"Netflix says it's silly to frame the conversation around its company against new streaming services like Disney+."
"Microsoft's president and chief legal officer said on CNBC that it's too early to say if the shutdown is hurting Microsoft's own business."
"Drake: Rewriting the Rules does not feature interviews with members of his circle"
"Foo Fighters, Miguel, Miley Cyrus, and more also performed"
"A group of Amazon shareholders has filed a letter demanding the company stop selling its facial recognition software to government agencies."
"AliveCor is best known for its Apple Watch band that includes a tiny electocardiogram sensor. It now competes with Apple, but Gundotra said the company just had its \"best quarter ever\" and that he stepped down for personal reasons."
"Google will buy $40 million worth of Fossil's smartwatch tech, Fossil said Thursday, driving shares of the company upward."
"Fossil Group Inc said on Thursday it would sell its intellectual property related to a smartwatch technology currently under development to Alphabet Inc's Google for $40 million, sending the watchmaker's shares up as much as 11 percent.
  
"
"A Facebook engineering manager left the company earlier this month after being harassed by her colleagues for expressing criticism."
"Amazon Prime Video has announced the cast and release date for its next original series from India, Made in Heaven, which centres on two wedding planners based in Delhi. Made in Heaven is out March 8, 2019 on Amazon Prime Video."
"Amazon has finally launched the Echo Input in India, which adds Alexa voice control to any wired or wirelessly connected speaker in your home."
"There would be a minimum discount of Rs. 3,100 that would go up to Rs. 9,800 inclusive of phone exchanges and instant discounts for HDFC Bank and SBI customers."
"Apple?s upcoming streaming service is still, as the tech folks say, ?vaporware? (aka not an actual product, yet) but that isn?t stopping the massive corporation from continuing to purchase new content that will eventually infect cell phones around the globe. And for its latest foray in TV, the tech giant has enlisted one of Hollywood?s most high-profile producers, Simon Kinberg.
READ MORE:Simon Kinberg Apologizes For ?X-Men 3? & Explains How ?Thor: Ragnarok? Influenced ?Dark Phoenix?
Deadline is reporting that Kinberg, along with co-writer David Weil, has signed a deal to write and produce a 10-episode science fiction series for Apple.
Continue reading Apple Orders New Sci-Fi Series From ?X-Men? Mastermind Simon Kinberg at The Playlist."
"The Smart Battery Case for the iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max is found to have a battery pack of 10.1Wh power."
"Amul has sent a legal notice to Google India on fraudulent practices it claims to have found being carried out by individuals and organisations using the latter's platform."
"China's top government-linked think tanks has called out Apple, Amazon.com and other foreign companies for not referring to Hong Kong and Taiwan as part of China."
"A gap in available housing has caused housing prices to nearly double in the past eight years, making the greater Seattle area the sixth most expensive region in the US"
"(Welcome toNow Stream This, a column dedicated to the best movies streaming on Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and every other streaming service out there.) Hello there, streamers. As usual, I?ve gathered together asmorgasbord of movies you can streamright now. The goal of Now Stream This is to offer variety. While the other streaming columns we run [?]
The post Now Stream This: ?The Commuter?, ?Ricochet?, ?Tombstone?, ?Cat People?, ?Romy and Michele?s High School Reunion? and More appeared first on /Film."
"Google has announced a price hike of 20 percent for G Suite Basic Edition and G Suite Business Editions for customers across the globe."
"Apple will cut back on hiring for some divisions after selling fewer iPhones than expected and missing its revenue forecast for the holiday quarter, Bloomberg reported."
"Facebook Inc  said on Thursday it had removed hundreds of Russia-initiated accounts, which it judged to be involved in coordinated inauthentic behavior on its platforms, including some linked to state-owned news agency Sputnik.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's  customer referral incentive plan will end on Feb. 1, the electric carmaker's Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk tweeted on Thursday, citing costs.
  
"
"Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said the U.S. Federal Trade Commission should form what he called a \"data-broker clearinghouse.\""
"Facebook removed hundreds of pages and accounts linked to Russia, including ties to Moscow's Sputnik news agency, the company said Thursday."
"Google announced Wednesday that it will buy 413 megawatts of output from 1.6 million solar panels at several new Tennessee and Alabama solar farms the combined size of 65,000 home rooftop systems."
"As part of the deal, Texas-based Fossil Group's research and development team working on the smartwatch will join Google, which will acquire the intellectual property for Fossil smartwatches."
"Facebook said Thursday it removed hundreds of Russia-linked pages, groups and accounts that it says were part of two big disinformation operations targeting users outside the US. One network operated in countries in Central and Eastern Europe, the Baltics, Central Asia and the Caucasus. The other focused on Ukraine."
"Microsoft President Brad Smith says most of the money will be aimed at increasing housing options for low- and middle-income workers including teachers, firefighters and people who work in hospitals."
"Amazon shareholders are worried the facial-recognition software could be used to violate people's rights. They're calling for a vote on the issue at the company's next annual meeting.
    
"
"Amul has issued legal notices to Google India and internet domain registrar godaddy.com accusing them of misusing their platforms and earning revenues through advertisements. ?Some customers had approached us stating that they had paid money in the range of Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh based on the websites which they had searched on Google India,\" Amul said."
"The American man who was among the 21 people killed in an attack on a luxury hotel complex in the Kenyan capital Nairobi was a consultant who survived the 9/11 attacks and specialized in emerging economies. His mother Sarah and brother Jonathan confirmed his death on Facebook and to several US media outlets."
"Cook called on US lawmakers Thursday to pass privacy legislation enabling consumers to see and delete their harvested online personal data from a central clearinghouse."
"Tesla has already announced the recall of some Model S vehicles as part of a global industry-wide rooting out of parts made by Takata."
"A Facebook spokesperson said the company doesn't tolerate harassment and has \"clear policies about how people should communicate with and treat each other at Facebook\"."
"The drop in the Chinese demand for iPhone models is forcing many Asian Apple suppliers to cut their 2019 forecasts."
"Amazon announced plans Thursday to hold a conference open to the public on robotics, space and artificial intelligence."
"Flipkart and Amazon are set to begin their first big sales of the year starting this Sunday, January 20, with deals on smartphones, laptops, tablets, and more."
"At least three of over 100 five-star reviews for the Facebook Portal on Amazon perfectly match with the names of Facebook employees."
"The US giant has already announced the recall of some Model S vehicles as part of a global industry-wide rooting out of parts made by Takata, which went bust in 2017 after its airbags were blamed for a number of deaths"
"Tesla is putting an end to its customer referral programme in February that allowed owners to give their friends a referral code to get six months of free charging via the company's \"Supercharger\" network."
"The Vivo Republic Day Sale will begin on Amazon.in and Flipkart starting January 20."
"Apple may release a successor to the iPhone XR this year with an improved antennae setup."
"Jio and Reliance Retail will launch a unique new commerce platform, says Reliance Industries Ltd. chairman at Vibrant Gujarat summit."
"Tesla Inc  on Friday said it will cut its full-time workforce by about 7 percent, while it ramps up
  
"
"Tesla Inc  said on Friday it was cutting several thousands of jobs, as the electric car maker looks to trim costs and be consistently profitable while it ramps up the production of its crucial Model 3 sedan.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Friday it was
cutting several thousands of jobs, as the electric car maker
looks to trim costs and be consistently profitable while it
ramps up the production of its crucial Model 3 sedan.
  
"
"Tesla is cutting its full-time staff headcount by around 7 percent, as it looks to ramp up Model 3 production, CEO Elon Musk said."
"Tesla has announced plans to cut its full-time workforce by 7% as it works to increase Model 3 production.  Model 3 production.
    
"
"AWS Backup makes protecting storage volumes, databases and file systems easier by giving customers a single service to configure and audit the AWS resources, the company said."
"\"Higher volume and manufacturing design improvements are crucial for Tesla to achieve the economies of scale required to manufacture the standard range (220 mile), standard interior Model 3 at $35k and still be a viable company,\" the electric carmaker said."
"Apple Inc's biggest iPhone
assembler Foxconn Technology Group has let go around
50,000 contract workers in China since October, months earlier
than normal, Nikkei reported on Friday.
  
"
"Apple Inc's  biggest iPhone assembler Foxconn Technology Group  has let go around 50,000 contract workers in China since October, months earlier than normal, Nikkei reported on Friday.
  
"
"A 7 per cent cut would involve laying off about 3,150 people"
"Google agreed to pay $40 million (roughly Rs. 280 crores) for the smartwatch technology of the fashion and accessory group Fossil."
"Tesla Inc  said it would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it ramps up production of its crucial Model 3 sedan, and the electric car maker expects fourth-quarter profit to be lower than the previous quarter, sending its shares down 7 percent.
  
"
"Musk says Tesla faces a \"very difficult\" road ahead in its long-term goal to sell affordable renewable energy products at scale."
"The latest version of Google Photos for Android (v4.8) that reached Android smartphones recently has been torn down."
"Tesla Inc said it would cut
thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it ramps up production of
its crucial Model 3 sedan, and the electric car maker expects
fourth-quarter profit to be lower than the previous quarter,
sending its shares down 7 percent.
  
"
"Musk said Tesla hopes to post a \"tiny profit\" in the current quarter but a 30 percent expansion in its workforce last year was more than it can support."
"Flipkart and Amazon are set to begin their first big sales of the year starting this Sunday, January 20, with deals on smartphones, laptops, tablets, and more."
"Microsoft is marking a major change in its Cortana strategy and will no longer compete with Alexa or Google Assistant."
"As China grapples with the continued slowdown of its economy amid the trade war with the US, an influential member of the ruling Communist Party of China has reminded the CPC of the collapse of the former Soviet Union and warned against repeating mistakes that led to its demise."
"Mukesh Ambani, Asia?s richest man, intends to take on the world?s largest retailers by combining his Jio telecom service, mobile devices and a vast physical retail network."
"Apple and Amazon
are among eight tech firms named in a complaint filed
in Austria by non-profit organisation noyb, which cited their
failure to comply with the European Union's General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
  
"
"Mukesh Ambani, Asia?s richest man, intends to take on the world?s largest retailers by combining his Jio telecom service, mobile devices and a vast physical retail network."
"Apple and Amazon are among eight tech firms named in a complaint filed in Austria by non-profit organization noyb, which cited their failure to comply with the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
  
"
"Job cuts at Tesla is not quite the bad news investors are interpreting it to be, analysts at Jefferies and Oppenheimer said on Friday."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla Inc  said on Friday it would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it plans to increase production of lower priced versions of its crucial Model 3 sedan, sending its shares down 7 percent.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Friday it
would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it plans to
increase production of lower priced versions of its crucial
Model 3 sedan, sending its shares down 7 percent.
  
"
"All the newly streaming films of Netflix, Amazon, MUBI, and more."
"Microsoft is said to be planning to release a bundled version of Microsoft Office 365 and Windows 10 for the normal consumers."
"Amazon will host the Great Indian Days Sale starting January 20 for regular customers, while the Prime members will get early access on Saturday, January 19."
"Though Apple has trumpeted its Services segment, the company's top analyst thinks the App Store is \"the next shoe to drop.\""
"Tesla's layoffs show the company needs to cut costs and move toward making some cheaper options. European deliveries can offset demand in the next few months, says one analyst."
"Tesla Inc said on Friday it would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it plans to increase production of lower-priced versions of its crucial Model 3 sedan, sending its shares down as much as 10 percent.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Friday it
would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it plans to
increase production of lower-priced versions of its crucial
Model 3 sedan, sending its shares down as much as 10 percent.
  
"
"Christmas parties are almost always terrible. And what makes the average holiday party even worse is when it?s full of old high school friends. Therefore, it makes sense that Margaret and Henry are ready to ditch that terrible scene and enter into a night of debauchery in the new film ?Lost Holiday,? which is set to premiere at the upcoming Slamdance Film Festival.
READ MORE:Steven Soderbergh?s ?High Flying Bird? Premiering At Slamdance Before Hitting Netflix In February
And to honor the film?s upcoming debut, we?re lucky enough to present an exclusive clip from the film, which shows that the evening of craziness begins to bleed into the daytime for these folks as they attempt to solve the kidnapping of a socialite, while pretty hungover.
Continue reading ?Lost Holiday? Exclusive Clip: Slamdance Film Features Friends Attempting To Solve A Kidnapping After A Long Night Of Partying at The Playlist."
"Intel Corp
operates mostly outside the Apple-sphere, and that is exactly
why whatever it says next week about business in its vital
Chinese market matters so much for investors.
  
"
"Apple is continuing to poach talent from all across Hollywood for their nascent film and television division, and they may have just added two names to their ever-growing list of collaborators. The tech company is ?near a deal? for a new science fiction series that hails fromSimon Kinberg, the writer/producer who?s been shepherding the X-Men [?]
The post Apple Signs Deal With ?Friday Night Lights? Producer Jason Katims, Courts ?X-Men? Producer Simon Kinberg for New Sci-Fi Show appeared first on /Film."
"Tesla Inc said on Friday it
would cut thousands of jobs to rein in costs as it plans to
increase production of lower-priced versions of its crucial
Model 3 sedan, sending its shares down as much as 10 percent.
  
"
"U.S. regulators have met to
discuss imposing a fine against Facebook Inc for
violating a legally binding agreement with the government to
protect the privacy of personal data, the Washington Post
reported on Friday, citing three people familiar with the
discussions.
  
"
"U.S. regulators have met to discuss imposing a fine against Facebook Inc  for violating a legally binding agreement with the government to protect the privacy of personal data, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing three people familiar with the discussions.
  
"
"** Shares of Facebook  paring gains on Friday after a report that U.S. regulators discussed fining the co for privacy violations
  
"
"U.S. regulators have met to discuss
imposing a fine against Facebook Inc for violating a
legally binding agreement with the government to protect the
privacy of personal data, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing three people familiar with the discussions.
  
"
"Apple and Amazon
are among eight tech firms named in a complaint filed
in Austria by non-profit organisation noyb, which cited their
failure to comply with the European Union's General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
  
"
"Apple Inc has been ordered by a
German court to stop using part of a press release claiming all
iPhones would be available in the country through carriers and
resellers, a copy of the ruling seen by Reuters showed.
  
"
"U.S. regulators have met to discuss imposing a fine against Facebook Inc  for violating a legally binding agreement with the government to protect the privacy of personal data, the Washington Post reported on Friday, citing three people familiar with the discussions.
  
"
"Jeff Bezos, the Amazon founder and CEO, and his wife MacKenzie, a lauded novelist and former accountant for Amazon, recently announced their 25-year marriage is ending in divorce.
    
"
"Need helping finding the best Valentine's Day gift to give your boyfriend, girlfriend, spouse, BFF or family member this year? Shop these 41 awesome Valentine's Day gifts on Amazon right now.
    
"
"U.S. regulators have met to discuss
imposing a fine against Facebook Inc for violating a
legally binding agreement with the government to protect the
privacy of personal data, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing three people familiar with the discussions.
  
"
"
    LAST Christmas, I sent a loving, warm-the-cockles-of-your-heart WhatsApp message to my niece in Germany on the birth of her first baby; another equally schmaltzy note over Facebook to a cousin in Toronto whom I had just re-connected with; and an effusive email missive to my Hatha Yoga guru in Thirukkadaiyur (in South India) to thank him for his guidance on meditation throughout 2018."
"Ambani called for a 'movement against data colonisation', a move seen as against global tech majors like Google, Facebook and Apple owning and storing abroad data belonging to Indians"
"A number of marquee global stressed asset firms are making a dash for India, but dragging their feet at the finish line"
"From director Toby Haynes and screenwriter James Graham, the biographical drama Brexit (airing on HBO and available on HBO NOW, HBO GO and HBO On-Demand) connects all of the dots to illustrate how Dominic Cummings (Benedict Cumberbatch), the lead strategist of the Vote Leave campaign, launched a micro-targeted social media campaign that played on emotion rather than facts to convince British voters to leave the European Union. The result and the consequences of this referendum campaign are still playing out in Britain today, and will have an effect long into the future. During this 1-on-1 phone ?"
"Tesla has announced plans to cut its full-time workforce by 7% as it works to increase Model 3 production."
"US Federal Trade Commission has been investigating Facebook since last year, but it has not finalised its findings in the probe."
"Intel Corp  operates mostly outside the Apple-sphere, and that is exactly why whatever it says next week about business in its vital Chinese market matters so much for investors.
  
"
"LG V40 ThinQ price in India has been set at Rs. 60,000 (MRP), though it is currently listed on Amazon.in with a deal price of Rs. 49,990."
"Amazon sale has kicked off with deals for Prime members, with great offers on popular mobiles and more."
"Microsoft has asked its users to switch to an Android or iOS device as it announced the end of support for Windows 10 Mobile."
"Apple and Amazon
are among eight tech firms named in a complaint filed
in Austria by non-profit organisation noyb, which cited their
failure to comply with the European Union's General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
  
"
"Facebook is reportedly experimenting with the \"LOL\" hub for kids, which will be a special feed of funny videos and GIF-like clips."
"The Lord of the Rings fans find themselves in a bit of a dead zone in 2019, years removed from the Peter Jackson-directed movies and with Amazon?s planned television series still far off in the distance. Enter Fantasy Flight Games, a company that?s held the LOTR license for years and is now back with a [?]
The post New App-Supported ?Lord of the Rings? Board Game Takes Us Back to Middle-Earth appeared first on /Film."
"His death was confirmed in a post on Saturday made by his American owners to his 16 million Facebook followers. Boo, a Pomeranian, and his companion Buddy, who died last year, became internet sensations when their owners started sharing pictures of their adorable antics."
"Amazon Great Indian sale is now live for everyone, with great offers on popular mobiles and more."
"Rachel Brosnahan has found success pretending to be a comedian on the hit Amazon series The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (which is worth watching right this very minute if you haven?t already). But how did she fare taking the reins of one of the most revered comedy shows of all time? Saturday Night Live didn?t use [?]
The post Rachel Brosnahan Fits in Perfectly in the First ?Saturday Night Live? of 2019 appeared first on /Film."
"Facebook has launched German initiatives to defend election integrity and examine the ethics of artificial intelligence (AI), its operations chief said on Sunday, seeking to convince skeptics it is serious about privacy and democracy.
  
"
"Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc has signed an agreement to allow extraction of lithium from its geothermal wells in California, a project that could offer U.S. carmakers and battery producers a secure supply of the metal, the Financial Times reported on Sunday.
  
"
"Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc
has signed an agreement to allow extraction of lithium
from its geothermal wells in California, a project that could
offer U.S. carmakers and battery producers a secure supply of
the metal, the Financial Times reported on Sunday.
  
"
"Intel Corp
operates mostly outside the Apple-sphere, and that is exactly
why whatever it says next week about business in its vital
Chinese market matters so much for investors.
  
"
"IT Ministry that has asked the companies to immediately remove malicious content spreading misinformation regarding safety and quality of food, and block the accounts of people who are uploading the videos. The ministry note mentions specific instances like creating false scare of plastic eggs, plastic rice, melamine in milk."
"
    HELLO, Amazon? Are you there? If ever there was a moment for an international retailing behemoth to pick up a British store chain, this is it."
"Facebook will partner with German officials ahead of the European Union elections in May to crack down on fake accounts and misinformation.
    
"
"* Partnership to reduce Panasonic's reliance on Tesla
(Adds context on Panasonic-Tesla ties, share prices)
  
"
"Facebook on Sunday said it will create an independent Institute for Ethics in Artificial Intelligence (AI) with an initial grant of $7.5 million."
"Tesla was cleared to begin delivering its Model 3 sedans across Europe, according to Dutch vehicle authority RDW."
"Flipkart Republic Day Sale and Amazon Great Indian sale 21 January 2019 deals on popular mobiles like OnePlus 6, Realme 2 Pro, Nokia 5.1, Galaxy S9, and more."
"Digital Wellbeing gives you great insights, but only works on limited devices. You can now get those same insights through ActionDash for many more phones."
"Apple briefly began reselling iPhone SE devices in the US from clearance stores just four months after declaring discontinuation of its sale."
"Amazon Great Indian Sale January 2019 - the first big Amazon sale of the year - kicked off for all users on Sunday."
"We have a new trailer for American Gods season 2, less than two months away from the show?s return after it spent 21 months off air. American Gods season 2 premieres March 11 on Amazon Prime Video in India."
"Flipkart and Amazon Republic Day sales are currently underway with a large number of electronics at discounted prices. We?ve selected the best deals on laptops, LED TVs, smart speakers, and more for you."
"The new ES File Explorer v4.1.9.9 update is available on the Google Play Store, and all users are recommended to download it."
"Russia's communication watchdog
said on Monday it was opening administrative proceedings against
Twitter and Facebook for failing to comply with
data laws, the Interfax news agency reported.
  
"
"Russia's communication watchdog said on Monday it was opening administrative proceedings against Twitter and Facebook for failing to comply with data laws, the Interfax news agency reported.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's WhatsApp  messenger service is globally limiting the number of times a user can forward a message to five, in a bid to fight \"misinformation and rumors\", company executives said on Monday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's WhatsApp
messenger service is globally limiting the number of times a
user can forward a message to five, in a bid to fight
\"misinformation and rumours\", company executives said on Monday.
  
"
"Russia's communication watchdog said on Monday it was opening administrative proceedings against Twitter  and Facebook  for failing to explain how they plan to comply with local data laws, the Interfax news agency reported.
  
"
"* WhatsApp to push update to activate new limit starting
Monday
(Adds executive comment, background)
  
"
"Russia's communication watchdog
said on Monday it was opening administrative proceedings against
Twitter and Facebook for failing to explain how
they plan to comply with local data laws, the Interfax news
agency reported.
  
"
"Roskomnadzor said on Monday it was opening administrative proceedings against Twitter and Facebook for failing to explain how they plan to comply with local data laws."
"Google is now pushing out a new update to the Google Assistant app that brings a handful of user interface changes. Google Assistant may also receive a dark mode."
"The makers of Gully Boy are all set to treat the audience with a grand music launch event on 24th January, 2019 which is powered by Bira. Ahead of the music launch, the makers have adopted a unique promotional strategy as they have gone ahead to do a massive graffiti campaign across various cities which helps the masses in standing a chance to attend the grand event.

To be a part of the Gully Boy music launch! Open Google Maps, search \"Apna Time Aayega\" and navigate to the nearest graffiti. Click a selfie, share it with the makers and stand a chance to attend the event and win merchandise.
Based on the life of an underground rapper off streets, Gully Boy presents an emotional journey of a rapper from the slums of Dharavi. Inspired by true events, Gully Boy has created an immense buzz ever since its announcement.
The recently released trailer announcement and the trailer gave us sneak peeks into the world of music that the film would unfold raising the excitement of the audience all over. After the interesting insights into the heavy on energy 'Asli Hip Hop', the makers unveiled the first song 'Apna Time Aayega' creating uproar on social media. The audience have been hailing the rapper avatar of Ranveer Singh in the real world of underground music created by Zoya Akhtar.
Starring Ranveer Singh as the street rapper, Gully Boy stars Alia Bhatt as his love interest bringing to the screen the fresh chemistry of the duo. The film also stars Siddhant Chaturvedi and Kalki Koechlin in pivotal roles.
Directed by Zoya Akhtar, Gully Boy is produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under the banner of Excel Entertainment in association with Tiger Baby and is all set to hit the screens on 14th February 2018.
Also Read: Zoya Akhtar reunites Ranveer Singh, Naezy and Divine for impromptu rap session!"
"In a bid to keep Qualcomm supplying modems for a portion of Apple?s 2018 iPhones, Williams dismissed the licensing dispute."
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Saturday, inaugurated the National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai. At the gathering attended by film personalities, PM made a reference to superstar Jeetendra's hardship.

PM Modi was talking about the hardwork an actor / artist has to go through, while addressing the audience he mentioned about the superstar and said, \"People only see an actor, they don't know what exactly goes behind becoming one. There are people in the entertainment industry, in the technical department, creative department, or to that matter event performers are an institution in themselves and still to maintain themselves is a task. We like it when we see Jeetendra well maintained but obviously he's out in a lot of hardwork to be like this. But a common man doesn't know the hardship he has been through.\"

Not just the PM but the actor's daughter filmmaker Ekta Kapoor posted a picture of her father and the PM and wrote about their fan moment, she posted the picture and wrote, \"JAI HIND! My dad's fan moment !my dad is a big fan of the honorable prime minister n today he met him.\"
Even the Prime Minister replied to Ekta's post saying, \"The entire nation admires Jeetendra Ji for his acting. And, as I said yesterday, he is full of energy!\"

JAI HIND ! my dads fan moment !my dad is a big fan of the honorable PRIME MINISTER n today he met him ....???????????????????????????????????????? pic.twitter.com/2f8Hmzo7oL
? Ekta Kapoor (@ektaravikapoor) January 19, 2019
 
Aamir Khan, A R. Rahman, Parineeti Chopra, Divya Dutta, and many other film personalities were present at the inauguration. Maharashtra Governor CV Rao, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, union ministers Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore and Ramdas Athawale were also present.
Also Read:PM Narendra Modi meets Bollywood celebrities, asks ?How?s the Josh? as Aamir Khan and others reply ?High Sir?"
"Google?s parent company Alphabet is working its way towards bringing health at the centre of its products."
"Four More Shots Please! cast, trailer, review, how to download or watch online, story, teaser trailer for Amazon web series, and more ? here?s all you need to know about Four More Shots Please!"
"Facebook is at it again. The social network wants you to take action about the causes you care about, right from your News Feed."
"The Facebook-owned messaging platform is imposing a stricter global limit on forwarding messages after a six-month experiment in India.
    
"
"EU efforts to reform copyright rules hit a roadblock on Monday as a meeting of lawmakers and officials was called off, prompting criticism of Google from publishers after it and other tech giants lobbied against the changes.
  
"
"Russia's communication watchdog opened administrative proceedings against  Facebook and Twitter for failing to comply with local data laws."
"Facebook, Twitter, Google, and the rest need to start working together to tackle this threat. We are yet to see the companies take steps to breakdown communications, coordination, and collaboration barriers between them, writes Brett Bruen.
    
"
"While Google has about 90% of the global market share for internet search, it is lagging behind in Russia, where the homegrown company Yandex has captured 55% of the market."
"* France's CNIL body said it had fined Google 50 mln euros
for not providing enough information and transparency regarding
advertisers' access to personal data
(Reporting by Gwenaelle Barzic)
  
"
"Eddie Stobart Logistics is
starting a rail service from the London port of Tilbury to
Daventry, where major retailers including Amazon have
distribution centres, as uncertainty rises over Brexit.
  
"
"Tesla's Model 3 has been given the green light to hit the road in Europe, clearing the final hurdle for the European introduction of the battery-powered sedan expected next month.
  
"
"Google allegedly made it too difficult for users to understand and manage preferences on how their personal information is used."
"AMD Radeon RX 590 GPU promises a significant speed bump to keep gamers on a budget happy, but does it deliver? Read our review to find out."
"The social media giant Facebook
will hire an additional 1,000 people at its international
headquarters in Dublin this year, the second major jobs
announcement from a U.S. multinational in Ireland in a matter of
days.
  
"
"France's data protection watchdog
fined Alphabet's Google 50 million euros ($57 million)
on Monday for breaching European Union online privacy rules, the
biggest such penalty levied against a U.S. tech giant.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's  WhatsApp is limiting worldwide the number of times a user can forward a message to five, starting on Monday, as the popular messaging service looks to fight \"misinformation and rumors\", company executives said on Monday.
  
"
"France's data protection watchdog fined Alphabet's Google 50 million euros ($57 million) on Monday for breaching European Union online privacy rules, the biggest such penalty levied against a U.S. tech giant.
  
"
"EU efforts to reform copyright
rules hit a roadblock on Monday when a meeting of lawmakers and
officials was called off, prompting criticism of Google
from publishers after it and other tech giants lobbied
against the changes.
  
"
"* WhatsApp to push update to activate new limit starting
Monday
(Adds details on the political use of WhatsApp in Brazil)
  
"
"Facebook has announced it will not accept political advertisements from outside Nigeria ahead of the country's upcoming general elections.
    
"
"?"
"Echo Dots and Fire TV Sticks are routinely discounted, but in a surprising move, the Kindle Paperwhite is on sale. Moreover, the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite is available now for its lowest price ever.
    
"
"Apple, L'Oreal
and Mitsubishi Electric are among more than 120 global
firms which scored top marks in a ranking of corporate efforts
to slow climate change.
  
"
"Apple, L'Oreal and Mitsubishi Electric are among more than 120 global firms which scored top marks in a ranking of corporate efforts to slow climate change.
  
"
"Two pilots were killed and four passengers injured when their plane crashed shortly after takeoff on Monday in northeastern Ohio, clipping power lines and almost crashing into homes in snow-covered Apple Creek, U.S. media reported, citing officials.
  
"
"Lev Davidovich Landau was awarded the Nobel for his development of a mathematical theory of superfluidity. It accounted for the properties of liquid helium II at a temperature below 2.17 K (?270.98 C). Born in 1908 in Baku, Azerbaijan, still part of the Russian Empire, he was a math prodigy who learned to differentiate at age 12, graduated at age 13 and matriculated at age 15."
"Tesla Inc  has signed a preliminary agreement with China's Tianjin Lishen to supply batteries for its new Shanghai car factory, as it aims to cut its reliance on Japan's Panasonic , two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said.
  
"
"LG V40 ThinQ price in India has been set at Rs. 60,000 (MRP), though it is currently listed on Amazon.in with a deal price of Rs. 49,990."
"Flipkart Republic Day Sale and Amazon Great Indian sale 21 January 2019 deals on popular mobiles like OnePlus 6, Realme 2 Pro, Nokia 5.1, Galaxy S9, and more."
"France's top data-privacy agency, known as the CNIL, said Monday that Google failed to fully disclose to users how their personal information is collected and what happens to it."
"The battle for the Indian consumer was never going to be an all-American affair"
"Amazon.com Inc is
launching its long-awaited in-house fulfillment and delivery
network in Brazil after months of delays caused by complicated
logistics and a highly complex tax system in the largest Latin
American economy.
  
"
"Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 22 points lower at 6,949, on
Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers.
    * RPC GROUP: Private equity company Apollo Global Management is in
advanced talks to buy Europe's biggest plastics packaging maker RPC Group
 for more than $3.8 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.

    * EDDIE STOBART: Eddie Stobart Logistics is starting a rail service
from the London port of Tilbury to Daventry, where major retailers, including
Amazon have distr
  
"
"The companies had yet to reach a decision on how large an order the U.S. electric car company would place, and Lishen was still working out what battery cell size Tesla would require, one of the sources said."
"Tesla Inc  denied on Tuesday that it had signed a preliminary agreement with Tianjin Lishen to supply batteries for its new Shanghai car factory, saying it had received quotes from the Chinese battery maker but did not proceed further.
  
"
"* Panasonic falls, sources say Tesla finds rival battery
maker
  
"
"The Boat Stone 700A is priced at Rs. 3,199 and is available to buy now on Amazon India"
"Shilpa Shetty, the bonafide fashionista and a Glamazon never fails to astound us. Well, along with the obvious fact that she defies age, she also keeps upping the style game every now and then. Enlisting the styling precision of fashion stylist, Mohit Rai, Shilpa never shies away from going overtly experimental.

This time around, she took a classic style and owned it to the hilt. For the HT Palate Festival, Shilpa wore a long navy draped dress with waistband, priced at INR 37,522/-.

The FW18 style is a cinched dress that allows ample peek of the legs.
Also Read:Shilpa Shetty Kundra turns restaurateur and here?s what her new business is all about

Shilpa?s jewellery of choice consisted of a flower geometric vintage silver ring set with antique real gold beads & pearls and Shalimar - round circle bali by Lara Morakhia.

A top bun and subtle makeup rounded out her look.
Also Read:Slay or Nay: Shilpa Shetty in Rohit Gandhi ? Rahul Khanna for an event in Hong Kong
On the professional front, Shilpa was last seen playing Cupid on the web series, Hear Me Love Me on Amazon Prime."
"Tesla Inc  said on Tuesday it had received quotes from Tianjin Lishen to supply batteries for its new Shanghai electric car factory but had not signed any agreement with the Chinese firm.
  
"
"Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk said in November the U.S. company would manufacture all its battery modules and packs at the Shanghai factory and planned to diversify its sources."
"[quote]AmDiab posted:
[quote]ForexScreamer posted:
I'm interested in FX Choice which is located in Belize. They accept US traders. I've had trouble getting my account funded however. The interim bank declined my wire transfer due to \"internal policy\". Is that a red flag I should be concerned about b..."
"Taiwan's Foxconn , assembler of Apple Inc's  iPhones, on Tuesday said it still has a need to hire 50,000 people in the first quarter, amid reports of mass lay-offs across its factories in China.
  
"
"China's Tianjin Lishen said on Tuesday it has not signed any agreement with Tesla Inc  on supplying batteries to the U.S. electric vehicle maker's Shanghai factory.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn,
assembler of Apple Inc's iPhones, on Tuesday said it
still has a need to hire 50,000 people in the first quarter,
amid reports of mass lay-offs across its factories in China.
  
"
"The Google policy will require advertisers to provide a \"pre-certificate\" issued by the Election Commission of India or anyone authorised by the ECI."
"The list includes GPS Route Finder, GPS Live Street Maps, Maps GPS Navigation, and more."
"Taiwan's Foxconn , assembler of Apple Inc's  iPhones, on Tuesday said it still has a need to hire 50,000 people in the first quarter, amid reports of mass lay-offs across its factories in China.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn , assembler of Apple Inc's  iPhones, on Tuesday said it was trying to recruit for more than 50,000 positions across its China campuses for the January-March quarter, amid reports of mass lay-offs.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn,
assembler of Apple Inc's iPhones, on Tuesday said it
was trying to recruit for more than 50,000 positions across its
China campuses for the January-March quarter, amid reports of
mass lay-offs.
  
"
"It does not matter if you are on Facebook or not because your friends are constantly leaking your privacy to others, revealed a study."
"Apple , L'Oreal  and Mitsubishi Electric  are among more than 120 global firms which scored top marks in a ranking of corporate efforts to slow climate change.
  
"
"Tesla Inc  said on Tuesday it had received quotes from Tianjin Lishen to supply batteries for its new Shanghai electric car factory but had not signed any agreement with the Chinese firm.
  
"
NA
"U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker Tesla Inc  has held talks with China's Tianjin Lishen to supply batteries for its new Shanghai factory, and two people with direct knowledge of the matter said the pair signed a preliminary agreement.
  
"
"Apple announced that as part of its \"Giving\" programme, the amount donated by its employees to help non-profit organisations globally exceeded $125 million."
"AirPower was unveiled by Apple as its native wireless charging mat for compatible iPhone models as well as the Apple Watch and AirPods back in September 2017."
"Google Pixel 3 and Samsung Galaxy Note 9 both shared the top spot with 92 scores on the DxOMark Selfie test."
"Apple's 2020 lineup of iPhones are likely to ditch LCD displays completely in favor of OLED, according to The Wall Street Journal."
"Facebook's privacy scandals have made it the most \"vulnerable\" large technology firm when it comes to the potential for disruption, Rivet Ventures' co-founder says."
"The Google Maps Android app has been updated with the departure and arrival time feature for car navigation to estimate journey time."
"It?s been a long and bumpy road for Netflix when it comes to the Academy Awards. Their primary rival, Amazon Studios, landed its first Best Picture nomination two years ago for ?Manchester by the Sea? and then saw Casey Affleck and Kenneth Lonergan win Best Actor and Original Screenplay Oscars. The Amazon division even has a Foreign Language Film statue with Asghar Farhadi?s ?The Salesman.? Netflix may be the streaming king, but its highest-profile nominations were Supporting Actress and Adapted Screenplay for ?Mudbound? last year. 
Continue reading ?Roma? Gives Netflix Its First Best Picture Nominee at The Playlist."
"Huawei is seeking to
strengthen its position in Europe with a smartphone that offers
new camera features and a lower price-tag than models from
rivals Samsung and Apple.
  
"
"In a bid to promote \"transparency\" in online political advertisements ahead of the 2019 Lok Sabha elections, Google is introducing an India-specific ad library, where people can get information on the amount of money spent on online ads featuring political content."
"Alphabet Inc's  Google disclosed on Tuesday that it spent a company-record $21.2 million on lobbying the United States government in 2018, topping its previous high of $18.22 million in 2012, as the search engine operator fights wide-ranging scrutiny into its practices.
  
"
"On the January 22, 2019 episode of /Film Daily, /Film editor in chief Peter Sciretta is joined by /Film managing editor Jacob Hall, weekend editor Brad Oman and writers Hoai-Tran Bui and Chris Evangelista to talk about the 2019 Academy Award nominations. You can subscribe to /Film Daily on iTunes, Google Play, Overcast, Spotify and [?]
The post Daily Podcast: Let?s Talk About The 2019 Academy Award Nominations appeared first on /Film."
"Alphabet Inc's Google disclosed in a quarterly filing on Tuesday that it spent a company-record $21.2 million on lobbying the U.S. government in 2018, topping its previous high of $18.22 million in 2012, as the search engine operator fights wide-ranging scrutiny into its practices.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google disclosed in a quarterly filing on Tuesday that it spent
a company-record $21.2 million on lobbying the U.S. government
in 2018, topping its previous high of $18.22 million in 2012, as
the search engine operator fights wide-ranging scrutiny into its
practices.
  
"
"* Google said late on Tuesday it has signed a long-term
agreement
to buy the output of a 10-megawatt solar array, which is part of
a larger solar farm, in Tainan City in Taiwan
  
"
"CEO Sundar Pichai said Tuesday the space means Google could more than double the number of Berlin employees to 300."
"Google's self-driving car spinoff Waymo said Tuesday it will bring a factory to Michigan, creating up to 400 jobs."
"From January 22 to February 7, Apple is looking for outstanding photographs for its 'Shot on iPhone Challenge'."
"Amazon Great Indian Sale has now entered its last day. But there are quite a few great deals on mobile phones, laptops, TVs, smart speakers, headphones, and more."
"Proposed changes to how the Chromium project handles extensions could see several ad and content blockers disabled entirely."
"The seven new Windows 10 devices include the Lenovo 100e, Lenovo 300e 2-in-1, Lenovo 14w, Acer TravelMate B1(B118-M), Acer TravelMate Spin B1 (B118-R/RN), Acer TravelMate B1-141, and Dell Latitude 3300 for Education."
"The consolidation of Google Hangouts into Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet won?t affect regular users, but will impact G Suite users"
"Google is considering pulling its Google News service from Europe as regulators work toward a controversial copyright law."
"Now Google My Business users can share service-areas and information about their business via Maps and Search, increasing their chances to be discovered."
"US lawmakers and regulators have weighed new privacy and antitrust rules to rein in the power of large internet service providers such as Google, Facebook and Amazon.com."
"?Facebook will continue to lead,? said Sandeep Goyal, founder of Mumbai-based communications agency Mogae Media."
"Smart speakers help people perform activities such as making voice calls, streaming music, reading eBooks, accessing news, and much more."
"Shares of smartphone screen maker Japan Display skyrocketed on Wednesday after a report that the company is in discussions for a bailout following the disappointing sales of the iPhone XR."
"Google had a Buzz score of 57.2 points, WhatsApp 55.7 and YouTube 52.9 points in the \"2018 YouGov BrandIndex Buzz Rankings\" in India."
"Apple?s next generation AirPods will reportedly arrive in the first half of 2019 with a new design and health-focused features."
"Paytm is offering cashback on iPhone 7, iPhone X, Samsung Galaxy Note 9, Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime, the Vivo Y series, Google Pixel 3, and more."
"Investing in global health organizations aimed at increasing access to vaccines creates a 20-to-1 return, the Microsoft co-founder and philanthropist says."
"Eight analysts say \"buy,\" seven say \"hold\" and nine now say \"sell,\" according to TipRanks.com."
"Microsoft?s Edge browser for mobile has received the NewsGuard feature which tells users whether a content source is credible or not."
"Facebook's operations
chief said the world's largest social network needed to earn
back public trust and was investing billions of dollars a year
to improve the security of its network.
  
"
"Egypt would like to see a more direct physical presence from tech giant Apple even as the two are caught up in conflict over local iPhone sales, the country's Prime Minister Mostafa Madbouli said Wednesday."
"Germany's top carmakers including BMW and Volkswagen are looking at ways to speed up development of the next generation of self-driving cars, possibly by even working together, as tech giant Google forges ahead with plans to mass produce such vehicles.
  
"
"* BMW, VW say they remain open to self-driving tech
alliances
  
"
"Tesla Inc is reducing production
hours for its higher priced electric cars Model S and Model X to
improve efficiencies, a Tesla spokesperson said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's  operations chief Sheryl Sandberg said on Wednesday that the world's largest social network needed to win back public trust after facing scandals for violating its users' privacy.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday it
is reducing production hours for higher-priced Model S and Model
X cars, just days after saying it would cut jobs as the electric
carmaker looks to make more affordable versions of the Model 3
sedan.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's
operations chief Sheryl Sandberg said on Wednesday that the
world's largest social network needed to win back public trust
after facing scandals for violating its users' privacy.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc
spent a company record $14.19 million on lobbying the U.S.
government in 2018, according to a disclosure filed late on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc  spent a company record $14.19 million on lobbying the U.S. government in 2018, according to a disclosure filed late on Tuesday.
  
"
"Hulu is cutting the price of its most
popular monthly plan by $2 to $5.99, making it one of the most
affordable video streaming services in the United States as the
company locks horns with Netflix and Amazon to lure more
subscribers.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc
spent $14.19 million on lobbying the U.S. government in 2018,
according to a regulatory filing, beating its year-ago record,
as large U.S. technology companies pushed back on issues such as
privacy, immigration and new tariffs.
  
"
"Facebook Inc will make changes to
better prevent users who have had their organization's pages
removed for violating its rules from using duplicate pages to
continue the same activity, it said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday it
is reducing production hours for higher-priced Model S and Model
X cars, just days after saying it would cut jobs as the electric
carmaker looks to make more affordable versions of the Model 3
sedan.
  
"
"Apple Inc supplier Texas
Instruments Inc beat Wall Street's forecast on quarterly
profit on Wednesday but missed on revenue, a performance that
comes amid concerns about slowing smartphone sales.
  
"
"Apple Inc  supplier Texas Instruments Inc  beat Wall Street's forecast on quarterly profit on Wednesday but missed on revenue, a performance that comes amid concerns about slowing smartphone sales.
  
"
"Apple Inc supplier Texas
Instruments Inc beat Wall Street's forecast on quarterly
profit on Wednesday but missed on revenue, a performance that
comes amid concerns about slowing smartphone sales.
  
"
"Apple Inc  supplier Texas Instruments Inc  beat Wall Street's forecast on quarterly profit on Wednesday but missed on revenue, a performance that comes amid concerns about slowing smartphone sales.
  
"
"Read CNN's Fast Facts about Apple, Inc. and learn more about the maker of iPhones, iPads and Mac computers.
    
"
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search
engine has been blocked in China following a government order,
the Financial Times reported on Thursday, citing people familiar
with the matter.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search engine has been blocked in China following a government order, the Financial Times reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search
engine has been blocked in China following a government order,
the Financial Times reported on Thursday, citing people familiar
with the matter.
  
"
"On the January 23, 2019 episode of /Film Daily, /Film editor in chief Peter Sciretta is joined by /Film weekend editor Brad Oman, senior writer Ben Pearson and writer Chris Evangelista to talk about our most anticipated films of the 2019 Sundance Film Festival. You can subscribe to /Film Daily on iTunes, Google Play, Overcast, [?]
The post Daily Podcast: 2019 Sundance Film Festival Most Anticipated Movies appeared first on /Film."
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search engine is currently inaccessible in China and the company is exploring its next steps, a company spokesperson said in a statement.
  
"
"Who are the new Guardians of the Galaxy? Want to buy a fanmade version of the Batmobile from The Dark Knight Trilogy? Why is it hard to watch Warner Bros. comic book movies and TV shows on Amazon right now? Did you notice the inconsistency between the Captain America: Civil War credits scene and the [?]
The post Superhero Bits: Meet the New Guardians of the Galaxy, ?Reign of the Supermen? Clip & More appeared first on /Film."
"Microsoft Corp's  Bing search engine has been blocked in China, the company said on Wednesday, making it the latest foreign technology service to be shut down behind the country's Great Firewall.
  
"
"Microsoft's Bing search engine has run into trouble in China.
    
"
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search
engine has been blocked in China, the company said on Wednesday,
making it the latest foreign technology service to be shut down
behind the country's Great Firewall.
  
"
"Amazon Prime Video?s first original comedy series from India, Four More Shots Please!, has been made by a largely all-female crew, something that?s nigh impossible to find even in Hollywood."
"Microsoft's Bing search engine was inaccessible in China on Thursday, with social media users fearing it could be the latest foreign website to be blocked by censors."
"Citing the rising population of India as reason for need of such actions, Ramdev, at an event in Aligarh on Wednesday, said: \"To control population of the country, voting rights, jobs and treatment facilities should be taken away from people who give birth to more than two kids and whether they are Hindus or Muslims. Then only the population will be controlled.\""
"Huawei on Wednesday announced the availability of its wireless charger in India, the Huawei Wireless Charger, on Amazon.in for Rs. 3,999."
"Once seen as a laggard
in the global mining industry, U.S. copper deposits have quietly
drawn more than $1.1 billion in investments from small and large
miners alike as Tesla and other electric carmakers scramble for
more of the red metal.
  
"
"Once seen as a laggard in the global mining industry, U.S. copper deposits have quietly drawn more than $1.1 billion in investments from small and large miners alike as Tesla and other electric carmakers scramble for more of the red metal.
  
"
"Paytm is offering cashback on iPhone 7, iPhone X, Samsung Galaxy Note 9, Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime, the Vivo Y series, Google Pixel 3, and more."
"As Britain grapples with whether to leave the European Union, some voters in an ancient English town have a message for the politicians in London: Do not betray Brexit.
  
"
"Apple Inc  has dismissed more than 200 employees from its autonomous vehicle group, Project Titan, CNBC reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Google said Wednesday it would appeal a record EUR 50-million fine imposed by France's data regulator for failing to meet the EU's strict new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)."
"Amazon on Wednesday began putting cooler-sized robots to work delivering packages to customers in a neighbourhood outside Seattle."
"Apple Inc has dismissed more
than 200 employees from its autonomous vehicle group, Project
Titan, CNBC reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with
the matter.
  
"
"Sandberg was speaking at an interview hosted by German newspaper Die Zeit and UK law firm CMS at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland."
"It was the Samsung Electronics rival and Apple supplier's first profit decline in two years."
"Apple this week dismissed over 200 employees from its autonomous electric car project codenamed \"Project Titan\" to different parts of the company, CNBC reported on Thursday."
"Sombre results from
chipmakers SK Hynix Inc and Texas Instruments Inc
, on the heels of warnings from tech behemoths Samsung
and Apple, indicate more gloom for the sector as China's economy
slows to its weakest in decades.
  
"
"Amazon Prime Video has released episode titles and synopsis for all 10 episodes of its upcoming original comedy series, ?Four More Shots Please!?."
"Xiaomi has introduced a new e-commerce platform called ShareSave in India. It is available as an Android app in Google Play Store."
"Somber results from chipmakers SK Hynix Inc  and Texas Instruments Inc , on the heels of warnings from tech behemoths Samsung and Apple, indicate more gloom for the sector as China's economy slows to its weakest in decades.
  
"
"Musk revealed an upcoming Tesla Sentry Mode for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot."
"Apple dismissed just over 200 employees from Project Titan, its autonomous vehicle initiative, according to people familiar with the group."
"Microsoft search engine Bing was inaccessible in mainland China as of Thursday morning local time, marking the apparent blocking of the last major non-Chinese search platform that had been operating there."
"Microsoft
Chief Executive Satya Nadella said on Thursday that with the
growth of facial recognition technology, he would \"welcome
regulation that will help the marketplace not be a race to the
bottom.\"
  
"
"Microsoft's Bing search engine has run into trouble in China."
"Microsoft Chief Executive Satya Nadella said on Thursday that with the growth of facial recognition technology, he would \"welcome regulation that will help the marketplace not be a race to the bottom.\"
  
"
"The space venture of Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is getting close to flying its first astronauts and the billionaire founder is feeling the significance of the company's ambition."
"Tesla made deep cuts to its sales, delivery and Model S and X production teams, and suspended night time production of its S and X vehicles."
"It's the latest development in Amazon's growing logistics business and the cutest last-mile solution yet."
"Microsoft's Nadella says regulation is needed to ensure the facial recognition market does not become a \"race to the bottom.\""
"Once seen as a laggard
in the global mining industry, U.S. copper deposits have quietly
drawn more than $1.1 billion in investments from small and large
miners alike as Tesla and other electric carmakers scramble for
more of the red metal.
  
"
"nuary 22, 2019
 

Copy Paste kaise karte hai yeh Disha ko Patani
? LowCash Rahul (@NayaGamer) January 22, 2019
 
After the trolls, Disha Patani decided to take down the post from Instagram. She shared another post, albeit with an edited caption this time.

I'M SO KICKED. Thanks to the Ultra Wide Camera in Samsung Galaxy M Series, I can go as wide with my yoga poses as I want and take the complete picture. Want to know more? Go to @samsungindia and click on the link in their bio to get notified. Launch announcement on the 28th Jan on Amazon at 6PM. Stay tuned. #IMPOWERD
616.9k Likes, 3,074 Comments - disha patani (paatni) (@dishapatani) on Instagram: \"I'M SO KICKED. Thanks to the Ultra Wide Camera in Samsung Galaxy M Series, I can go as wide with my...\"
 
Let us tell you that Disha Patani is a known influencer on the social media platform and has endorsed quite a few brands in the past.
Also Read:Disha Patani packs a punch in her gym video and is giving us major fitness goals..."
"It also asked the social media platforms to give in a sealed cover the subscriber information regarding the individual who uploaded the video. After perusing the video, Justice Pratibha M Singh noted that it contained excerpts of a book on Ramdev that were ordered to be deleted by the high court in September last year."
"Tesla said Wednesday it has curbed production for some of its most expensive vehicles after its second mass lay-off in seven months."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook met with heads of state including the crown prince of Dubai and Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro at the World Economic Forum in Davos."
"With a new 'sentry mode', owners of Tesla cars will soon be able to see and record damages to their cars when they are unattended."
"Fiddler Labs is a startup that is building an explainable AI engine that will allow companies to analyze, manage and deploy their machine learning models at scale."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"The United States government is concerned about India's revised e-commerce regulations and has told officials in New Delhi the policy will hinder the Indian investment plans of Amazon.com and Walmart Inc, three sources familiar with the talks told Reuters.
  
"
"Some mainland China internet
users said they were able to use Microsoft Corp's Bing
search engine late Thursday after the site had been blocked.
  
"
"Ganesh, in a post in the facebook page titled \"Kampli Congress\" addressed to the people of his Kampli constituency, accused Singh of trying to finish him off politically besides threatening his family. The absconding MLA claimed it was Singh who first attacked him and also passed derogatory remarks against his family members and also his caste."
"* Bing was the only major search engine accessible in China
(Recasts on resumption of Bing access)
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's Bing search engine was accessible for some internet users in mainland China late on Thursday, indicating that online access to the foreign technology service may have been restored within the country's Great Firewall.
  
"
"The United States government is concerned about India's revised e-commerce regulations and has told officials in New Delhi the policy will hinder the Indian investment plans of Amazon.com and Walmart"
"Privately held ad software firm OpenX announced on Thursday a five-year agreement totaling more than $110 million with Alphabet Inc's Google to use its cloud computing services in what the companies described as a first for the online ads industry.
  
"
"Privately held ad software
firm OpenX announced on Thursday a five-year agreement totaling
more than $110 million with Alphabet Inc's Google to
use its cloud computing services in what the companies described
as a first for the online ads industry.
  
"
"Imagine a world where the Justice League or the Avengers were the biggest celebrities on the planet. Now, imagine that they were terrible humans and not the heroes we hoped they?d be. That?s where the upcoming Amazon Prime Video series, ?The Boys,? comes in.
Developed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, the guys who adapted another comic book series ?Preacher? for AMC, ?The Boys? follows a group of vigilantes that know the superteam known as The Seven are just a bunch of horrible fame-seeking celebrities, as we see in the new trailer.
Continue reading ?The Boys? Trailer: Seth Rogen & Evan Goldberg?s Amazon Series Attempts To Show The Darker Side Of Superheroes at The Playlist."
"Apple is shaking up its team building autonomous vehicle technology.
    
"
"There is another side of superheroes that you won?t recognize. Amazon Prime has released a newThe Boys trailer, which gives a deeper look at the bloody series about a group of vigilantes taking down caped crusaders.Karl Urban stars as the leader of the titular Boys, who aim to take down take down corrupt superheroes that [?]
The post ?The Boys? Trailer: Karl Urban Fights Tooth and Nail With Not-So-Super Superheroes appeared first on /Film."
"Alphabet Inc's Google on Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to free it from a billion-dollar copyright case brought by Oracle Corp that dates to 2010.
  
"
"Netflix recently unleashed their biggest price increase ever, and some subscribers aren?t happy about it. A new survey reveals that Netflix might lose up to 27% of subscribers due to the price hike. Are you among them? Are you, too, ready to give Netflix the boot and head over to Hulu or Amazon Prime Video [?]
The post Netflix Price Increase Could Result in 27% of Subscribers Cancelling appeared first on /Film."
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to free it from a
billion-dollar copyright case brought by Oracle Corp
that dates to 2010.
  
"
"What would you do if your spouse was aboard a plane that mysteriously crashed with no survivors? Well, you?d probably grieve and mourn the loss. But what if they never found your spouse?s body? In the case of Kate Beckinsale in ?The Widow,? you grab a gun, fly to Africa, and do everything in your power to find your husband.
READ MORE:The 50 Most Anticipated TV Shows Of 2019
As seen in the new trailer, that?s the basic premise for Amazon Prime Video?s newest series ?The Widow.? Kate Beckinsale stars as Georgia Wells.
Continue reading ?The Widow? Trailer: Kate Beckinsale Investigates The Disappearance Of Her Husband In New Amazon Series at The Playlist."
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reverse a ruling that
resurrected a billion-dollar copyright case brought by Oracle
Corp that dates to 2010.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Thursday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reverse a ruling that
resurrected a billion-dollar copyright case brought by Oracle
Corp that dates to 2010.
  
"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is joining other local companies and organizations to raise $500 million to help fight the San Francisco Bay Area's housing crisis.
    
"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is joining other local companies and organizations to raise $500 million to help fight the San Francisco Bay Area's housing crisis."
"First, artificial intelligence created by Google's DeepMind mastered the game Go. Now, it's beating professionals at StarCraft, a popular sci-fi strategy game.
    
"
"Losing Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is a blow for Google. Walmart has emerged as one of Amazon's main e-commerce competitors"
"Apple Inc has dismissed more
than 200 employees from its autonomous vehicle group, Project
Titan, CNBC reported on Thursday, citing people familiar with
the matter.
  
"
"* Apple-suppliers attract buying after chip sector's
strength
  
"
"Amazon Prime Video?s first original scripted comedy series from India, Four More Shots Please!, is the story of four millennial women in the city of Mumbai, who live life by their own rules."
"Google urged the high court to rule its copying of Oracle's Java programming language to create the Android operating system was permissible under US copyright law."
"A collaborative new version of the song from 1999?s When the Pawn..."
"Microsoft's search engine was blocked due to \"an accidental technical error\", according to Bloomberg."
"This was Apple?s worst performance in the country since early 2017. The company shipped 34.2 million iPhone units in 2018."
"Facebook launched the Moments app back in June 2015 to let users privately share their photos and videos."
"Facebook co-founder and chief Mark Zuckerberg on Thursday renewed his defence of the social network's business."
"Apple said users can purchase a subscription for Office 365 from within the apps, which was designed specifically to support features that are unique to the Mac experience."
"* Apple-suppliers attract buying after chip sector's
strength
  
"
"Facebook had rolled out similar reminder in partnership with Election Commission of India in 2017."
"Apple?s just released iOS 12.2 first beta offers a strong indication that the company is ready to introduce the next-generation of AirPods."
"Bhavin Kamdar joined Eni this week"
"CIRP reports the Apple iPhone XR accounted for 39 percent of total iPhone sales in the US, while the iPhone XS and iPhone XS Max models combined accounted for 26 percent of the total sales."
"Global leaders and technology chieftains agreed on the need for stricter government oversight, after a year that featured privacy scandals at Facebook Inc. and a broad reckoning of the tech industry"
"The tussle marks the latest in a number of US protests over Indian government policies which impact American companies."
"Traders warn of nationwide stir against stretching deadline; while DIPP not in favour of extension, senior officials to mull issue after returning from Davos"
"DeepMind's AlphaStar AI has managed to defeat two professional StarCraft II players in what is being seen as a huge achievement for complex AI training."
"Zuckerberg said Facebook selling user information on to advertisers would be \"counter to our business interests.\""
"Chinese tech juggernaut Tencent issued an update on its WeChat app earlier this week, allowing users to \"essentially have a second home screen on your phone,\" according to one expert."
"Hospitals can now buy \"smart\" hospital rooms on Amazon."
"Apple's 'Shot on iPhone Challenge' is open to worldwide submissions until February 7."
"Citus Data is a company dedicated to the open-source database software PostgreSQL. Microsoft did not disclose detailed terms of the deal."
"In a bid to improve the middling iPhone sales in Japan, Apple is letting more and more telecom operators to discount its iPhone XR."
"As the bar is low for Apple's earnings next Tuesday, Morgan Stanley says it's a good time to buy the stock now."
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg is planning to unify the underlying messaging infrastructure of its WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook Messenger services and incorporate end-to-end encryption to these apps, the New York Times reported on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg is planning to unify the underlying
messaging infrastructure of its WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook
Messenger services and incorporate end-to-end encryption to
these apps, the New York Times reported on Friday.
  
"
"All the newly streaming films of Amazon, iTunes, MUBI, and more."
"A three-judge federal appeals panel on Friday grappled with what authority the Trump administration has and doesn't have to terminate the Obama-era Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
    
"
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg is planning to unify the underlying
messaging infrastructure of its WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook
Messenger services and incorporate end-to-end encryption to
these apps, the New York Times reported on Friday.
  
"
"The Pentagon is looking into whether Amazon improperly hired a former Defense Department worker who was involved with a $10 billion government contract for which the tech company is competing.
    
"
"(Welcome to Hidden Streams, a column focused on the best older movies available to stream on your favorite services, including Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, and more.) In this edition of Hidden Streams, you?ll find plenty of golden (and not-so-golden) oldies to check out or revisit, including a Dutch erotic thriller, space vampires, another Herzog gem, and [?]
The post Hidden Streams: A Crazy Slasher Movie, Underrated Martin Scorsese, and One of the Best Film Noirs Ever Made appeared first on /Film."
"The world is a bad place made immeasurably, perhaps irreversibly worse by companies such as Apple, but they also make true the seemingly impossible. I refer not to the civilization-ending climate change in which their practices play a heavy hand nor even the extent of worker exploitation deemed necessary for computer production; at the moment [?]"
"BuzzFeed laid off dozens of employees on Friday inside its prized news division as the media organization restructures to grapple with the tumultuous digital news landscape.
    
"
"Teams at Apple spend countless hours working and refining secret products that are either unveiled at a keynote or as a surprise addition to the online store.
    
"
"Facebook could merge the infrastructure of its messaging platforms WhatsApp, Instagram and Messenger.
    
"
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is planning to unify the underlying messaging infrastructure of the WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook Messenger services and incorporate end-to-end encryption into these apps, the New York Times reported on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark
Zuckerberg is planning to unify the underlying messaging
infrastructure of the WhatsApp, Instagram and Facebook Messenger
services and incorporate end-to-end encryption into these apps,
the New York Times reported on Friday.
  
"
"A boy was killed Friday when a train struck a school bus in Athens, Texas, according to a Facebook post from the Athens Independent School District.
    
"
NA
"A boy was killed Friday when a train collided with a school bus in Athens, Texas, according to a Facebook post from the Athens Independent School District."
"The multi-year effort was detailed in a class action lawsuit revealing Facebook?s alleged attempts to increase revenue for games like Angry Birds and PetVille."
"Jim Cramer goes over his plan for the week ahead, which will see a flurry of earnings reports from major companies including Apple."
"The earnings season is about to get a lot more interesting with about a quarter of the S&P 500, nearly half of the Dow Jones Industrials and  three of the four biggest companies in the world reporting in the week ahead."
"The cultural tension between the two halves of Facebook, the engineers led by CEO Mark Zuckerberg, and the sales team led by COO Sheryl Sandberg, came to a head in 2015 in an incident now known by employees as \"shoegate.\""
"The company reports first-quarter results next week."
"An integration of this size would likely raise questions of antitrust action."
"What's better for art, design or illustration: an iPad Pro 2018, an Android tablet or a tablet PC, convertible or 2-in-1 from the likes of Microsoft, Dell or HP? We compare your options here, including a look at the big three's various competitors."
"The Amazon stores will be built in London or counties including Surrey, Kent, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, Essex and Middlesex"
"There is not now, nor is there likely ever to be, a shortage of films highlighting the awkward, confusing, and restrictive nature of teenage life. Whether it?s ?The Breakfast Club? or ?Ladybird?; it?s a well-covered topic spanning generations, locations, and cultures. In many ways, ?Beats?is no different in this regard, yet the new Scottish film, executive produced by Slamdance alumniSteven Soderbergh, both incorporates as well as transcends the classic tropes of the genre to tap into a menacing undercurrent that lives just beneath the surface of these stories.
Continue reading ?Beats? Bangs Out a Familiar Tune With Perfect Grace & Style [Slamdance Review] at The Playlist."
"Hi, 
is it still a minimum investment of $ 1000 per week? and can I copy you with another broker than FBS ? Thank you"
"\"Witnesses report seeing this group badly assault an innocent looking bunch of New Zealanders in both Napier and Mt. Maunganui in the last week. Extra care should be taken if you are carrying anything that looks like a cricket bat or ball,\" the post, accompanied by a group picture of the Indian team, on their facebook account read."
"Her comments Saturday are likely to embolden critics -- and dial up the scrutiny -- of social media companies, particularly Facebook.
    
"
"Every day, I pray to the cinema gods and thank them thatSteven Soderberghdidn?t retire from film as he promised back in 2013. ?Behind The Candelabra? was supposed to be his final feature, but since then we?ve been gifted with the ?The Knick,? the psychosexual ?Side Effects,? the gleeful heist movie ?Logan Lucky,? unsettling psychological thriller ?Unsane? and now with fast-talking basketball drama ?High Flying Bird? ? a winning repeat victory lap of such quality that almost any other director would envy.
Continue reading ?High Flying Bird?: Steven Soderbergh Slam Dunks An NBA Drama With Sharp Ideas Of Black Commodification [Slamdance Review] at The Playlist."
"Comedy \"The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,\" the upbeat story of a 1950s housewife-turned-comedian, won top television honors at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday as Hollywood stars honored their peers' best performances on the big and small screens.
  
"
"Comedy \"The Marvelous Mrs.
Maisel,\" the upbeat story of a 1950s housewife-turned-comedian,
won top television honors at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on
Sunday as Hollywood stars honored their peers' best performances
on the big and small screens.
  
"
"Search engine Bing's outage in China last week was a technical error, rather than an intentional censorship block, a source familiar with the matter said, although Chinese authorities and Microsoft have not commented on the topic.
  
"
"Search engine Bing's
outage in China last week was a technical error, rather than an
intentional censorship block, a source familiar with the matter
said, although Chinese authorities and Microsoft have not
commented on the topic.
  
"
"For most of its runtime, This Teacher plays things close to the chest. In its tale of a vacation gone bad, director/co-writer Mark Jackson flirts with different ideas and themes, only to switch up the plot the moment the film feels like it?s about to settle into place. It?s a good tactic in making This [?]"
"In a Q&A, the noted paper quilling artist, whose works include an Independence Day Google Doodle and a miniature Mysore Palace set in paper, reveals how she made a profession out of her passion"
"Players such as WhatsApp and Facebook have come under the scrutiny of policymakers over issues including data breach and fake news"
"Camille Franois of Graphika, formerly a principal researcher for Google Jigsaw, got inspired by research she did for the U.S. Senate on Russian influence in the 2016 election, and decided to take it one step further."
"Seattle-based 98point6 has an ambitious goal to improve access to family doctors."
"Facebook is reportedly planning to combine its messaging services, and regulators will be paying close attention."
"Facebook Inc  is planning https://bit.ly/2Uqn0Jh to set up two new regional operations centers focused on monitoring election-related content in its Dublin and Singapore offices, the company said on Monday.
  
"
"Facebook said on Monday
it will beef up its rules and safeguards around political
adverts to prevent foreign interference in elections, including
those in Europe this year.
  
"
"Facebook said on Monday it will beef up its rules and safeguards around political adverts to prevent foreign interference in elections, including those in Europe this year.
  
"
"Ming-Chi Kuo predicts iPhone shipments for Apple's fiscal second quarter will beat market consensus."
"Even as India's new e-commerce curbs sting global giants Amazon.com Inc and Walmart-owned Flipkart, their local rival Snapdeal is cheering the move.
  
"
"Facebook said on Monday
it will strengthen its rules and safeguards around political
adverts to prevent foreign interference in elections, including
those in Europe this year.
  
"
"Wall Street analysts expect Tesla Inc to forecast a loss for the first quarter when it reports results on Wednesday, having changed their expectations for a profit after Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk warned of a \"very difficult\" road ahead.
  
"
"J.M. Smucker and Mondelez are the food companies worst positioned to compete with Amazon when it comes to selling their packaged foods online, according to a research note from Bernstein."
"Apple Inc said on Monday it spent $60 billion with 9,000 U.S. component suppliers and companies in 2018, an increase of more than 10 percent from the year earlier.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Monday an
external board that is being formed for appealing decisions
related to user content will be able to reverse company's
decisions on whether to allow or remove user posts.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it
spent $60 billion with 9,000 U.S. component suppliers and
companies in 2018, an increase of more than 10 percent from the
year earlier.
  
"
"The democratizing power of technology gives everyone the tools and platform to be heard. It has, at times, worked miracles ? many claim Twitter and Facebook were integral in coordinating the Arab Spring, while the ubiquity of smartphones has allowed the documentation of human rights violations committed by dictators around the world (and in Syria in particular). But, it could be argued, these same technologies have done nothing to affirm the agency and humanity of those from marginalized and oppressed countries ? their photos and videos are co-opted by international media organizations (both those friendly and hostile) who use them to create their own narratives (both those truthful and not), and Facebook and Twitter do what they do to harvest data and sell ads.
Continue reading ?Midnight Traveler?: Refugees Reclaim Their Story In Harrowing Documentary [Sundance Review] at The Playlist."
"Facebook outlined its latest efforts to fight fake news and misinformation ahead of elections in the EU, India, Israel and Ukraine later this year."
"Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund has slashed its exposure to Tesla Inc, the Financial Times reported on Monday, citing people with direct knowledge of the matter, sending the electric car maker's shares down 2.2 percent in mid-day trading.
  
"
"The external board will have up to 40 global experts"
"Apple is set to report its holiday quarter earnings results after the bell on Tuesday. The report comes less than a month after the company issued a rare warning to its investors.
    
"
"Analysts expectations remain relatively low as Apple reports after the bell on Tuesday."
"Saudi Arabia has taken out an insurance policy on its investment in Tesla, the Financial Times reports."
"Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd, contract chipmaker for Apple Inc and Qualcomm, said on Monday a defect of chemical used in manufacturing chips hit production at one of its factories.
  
"
"One of the early films coming out of Sundance that is getting some serious awards buzz is Scott Z. Burns? ?The Report,? starring Adam Driver and Annette Bening. The film, which was reportedly purchased by Amazon for a remarkable $14 million, follows the true story of Senate staffer Daniel Jones, who is given the task of leading an investigation into the CIA?s Detention and Interrogation Program.
Continue reading Filmmaker Scott Z. Burns Talks How Sundance Film ?The Report? Is A Criticism Of CIA-Approved ?Zero Dark Thirty? at The Playlist."
"Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd
, contract chipmaker for Apple Inc and
Qualcomm, said on Monday a defect of chemical used in
manufacturing chips hit production at one of its factories.
  
"
"How do you get a notorious social media hater likesJames Cameron to join both Instagram and Facebook in one fell swoop? Get him to promote the early screenings forAlita: Battle Angel, theAvatar director?s passion project helmed byRobert Rodriguez. Cameron announced theearly screenings on both social media platforms, inviting fans to see the film for free [?]
The post Free ?Alita: Battle Angel? Early Screenings Are Happening This Week appeared first on /Film."
"Facebook Inc on Monday laid out plans for an independent content oversight board with the power to overturn company decisions on user posts, aimed at addressing concerns over misinformation and abusive behavior on the platform.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Monday
laid out plans for an independent content oversight board with
the power to overturn company decisions on user posts, aimed at
addressing concerns over misinformation and abusive behaviour on
the platform.
  
"
"\"Kingdom Hearts III\" is almost here. If you haven't preordered this adventure video game through Disney-themed worlds yet, Amazon has a great deal for Prime members.
    
"
"Facebook Inc on Monday
laid out plans for an independent content oversight board with
the power to overturn company decisions on user posts, aimed at
addressing concerns over misinformation and abusive behaviour on
the platform.
  
"
"Read CNN's Fast Facts about Google, Inc. and learn more about the world's No. 1 Internet search provider.
    
"
"Apple holds first-ever camp to help women entrepreneurs and women-led companies to develop their businesses.
    
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will issue a software patch later this week for a bug that lets iPhone users hear audio from users who have not yet accepted a video call.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's photo-sharing social network Instagram is down for some users, according to DownDetector.com, a website which monitors outages.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's photo-sharing social network Instagram on Monday said its network was down for some users.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's photo-sharing
social network Instagram on Monday said its network was down for
some users.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will
issue a software patch later this week for a bug that lets
iPhone users hear audio from users who have not yet accepted a
video call.
  
"
"On the January 28, 2019 episode of /Film Daily, /Film editor in chief Peter Sciretta is joined by /Film managing editor Jacob Hall and writer Hoai-Tran Bui to discuss what they?ve been up to at the Water Cooler. You can subscribe to /Film Daily on iTunes, Google Play, Overcast, Spotify and all the popular podcast [?]
The post Water Cooler: Fullmetal Alchemist, Serenity, The Kid Who Would Be King, Game of Thrones, Jane the Virgin, Good Place, Magic Scripting, Ballet & Tabletop Games appeared first on /Film."
"Facebook Inc's photo-sharing social network Instagram said on Monday the service is fully functional now after an issue that caused an outage for some users was resolved.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's photo-sharing
social network Instagram said on Monday the service is fully
functional now after an issue that caused an outage for some
users was resolved.
  
"
"A newly discovered bug in Apple's FaceTime software lets Apple users listen in on the people they are calling, and even see through their front-facing camera, without them picking-up the call.
    
"
"The Amazon-exclusive smartphones will be available on the e-commerce platform, besides Samsung's online portal, from February 5"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will issue a software patch later this week for a bug that lets iPhone users hear audio from users who have not yet accepted a video call.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will
issue a software patch later this week for a bug that lets
iPhone users hear audio from users who have not yet accepted a
video call.
  
"
"Machinery giant Caterpillar and chipmaker Nvidia said they were being hit by the economic slowdown in China. Analysts said that likely points to a wider fallout from China's slipping growth."
"Facebook's photo-sharing social network Instagram said on Monday the service is fully functional now after an issue that caused an outage for some users was resolved."
"The stock market could be in for a period of rocky trading to lower levels, as investors work through earnings season and wait for developments on trade, analysts said."
"Facebook, Microsoft and Google were \"high-level\" sponsors of the LibertyCon conference in Washington, D.C., earlier this month."
"A newly discovered bug in Apple's FaceTime software lets Apple users listen in on the people they are calling, and even see through their front-facing camera, without them picking-up the call."
"Microsoft realised that, more than just obeying the letter of the law, it had to be seen as a positive actor. It turned up the soft diplomacy"
"The sovereign fund with help from JPMorgan Chase, hedged most of its 4.9% stake in Tesla after the market closed on Jan. 17"
"In una lunga nota pubblicata via Facebook il celebre disegnatore italiano si dissocia dal cartoon trasmesso in questi giorni da Canale 5 che vede protagonista il Molleggiato."
"CVS Health Corp's health insurer Aetna on Tuesday said it is working with Apple Inc on a new health app for Apple Watches that uses an individual's medical history to set personalized health goals.
  
"
"Here's what you need to know about the markets before you start your business day.
    
"
"Gold climbed to a seven-month high on Tuesday as markets opted for caution before three major macro events and a blizzard of big tech company earnings in the coming days, starting with Apple later.
  
"
"Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah said on Tuesday he tendered his resignation and that of his unity government to President Mahmoud Abbas, dealing a blow to faltering reconciliation efforts with Gaza's Islamist Hamas rulers.
  
"
"How to disable FaceTime on your iPhone, iPad and Mac to avoid falling victim to the Apple eavesdropping bug.
    
"
"Apple and Aetna are collaborating on a first-of-its-kind app and health experience."
"Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah has tendered his resignation and that of his unity government to President Mahmoud Abbas, he said on Tuesday, dealing a blow to faltering reconciliation efforts with Gaza's Islamist Hamas rulers.
  
"
"A bug in FaceTime lets you listen to someone ? even if they don't pick up."
"Four weeks ago Apple lowered revenue projections for the period and poured cold water on the stock."
"Apple supplier Corning Inc bucked the trend for shaky phone and chipmaker results on Tuesday, beating expectations for both revenue and profit in the fourth quarter, helped by demand from telecom companies looking to upgrade their networks to 5G.
  
"
"Apple supplier Corning Inc bucked
the trend for shaky phone and chipmaker results on Tuesday,
beating expectations for both revenue and profit in the fourth
quarter, helped by demand from telecom companies looking to
upgrade their networks to 5G.
  
"
"Walmart has landed a deal with sports apparel marketplace Fanatics to sell NFL jerseys, NBA T-shirts and other sports-related merchandise on Walmart.com."
"Google, Facebook, Twitter and Mozilla must do more to combat fake news as Europeans head towards an election or the companies will face the threat of regulatory action, the European Commission said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Google, Facebook
, Twitter and Mozilla must do more to combat fake
news as Europeans head towards an election or the companies will
face the threat of regulatory action, the European Commission
said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Gold climbed to a seven-month high on Tuesday and stocks were back on the up too, as investors dug in for three days of political and economic drama and a blizzard of big tech earnings, starting with Apple later.
  
"
"February is for lovers and there's a lot to love when it comes to streaming next month.
    
"
"Gold hit an eight-month high while world stock markets were mixed ahead of further U.S.-Sino trade talks, a raft of technology company results starting with Apple later on Tuesday and an impending Federal Reserve decision on interest rates.
  
"
"Gold hit an eight-month high
while world stock markets were mixed ahead of further U.S.-Sino
trade talks, a raft of technology company results starting with
Apple later on Tuesday and an impending Federal Reserve decision
on interest rates.
  
"
"Apple?s streaming video service may still not have a name, but a new report says that the streaming platform and its various original titles could launch as soon as this spring. The tech company is reportedly planning an April 2019 date for the Apple streaming service launch, which would put the platform in direct competition [?]
The post Apple?s Streaming Video Service Could Launch as Soon as April appeared first on /Film."
"* Apple to report after U.S. closing bell
(adds quotes, closing prices)
  
"
"It's a problem for every large company: how to manage mass communication to thousands of employees, especially if those people represent the business in stores around the world.  As you might expect, Apple is aiming to solve that problem with an app."
"The regulator that oversees Facebook's activity in the EU said on Monday it will stop the integration of WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram if it breaches privacy laws."
"The German firm has signed a deal with auto charging infrastructure firm Electrify America."
"All caps and too many exclamation points are just the beginning. Facebook is cracking down on 'pain points' content and get-rich-quick schemes.
       
"
"Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah has tendered his resignation and that of his unity government to President Mahmoud Abbas, he said on Tuesday, dealing a blow to faltering reconciliation efforts with Gaza's Islamist rulers Hamas.
  
"
"Once upon a time, David Fincher was going to make a follow-up project with Gillian Flynn to ?Gone Girl.? It was an ambitious British series adaptation called ?Utopia,? set up at HBO, Gillian Flynn writing the script and Rooney Mara playing the lead role. It was the most anticipated project you had ever heard of especially after ?Gone Girl? had put Flynn on the map and dominated the cultural conversation in the fall of 2014, regardless of whether it had much of a shot at Oscar contention, the movie was a minor phenomenon.
Continue reading Sasha Lane Steps Into Rooney Mara?s Old Role in Amazon?s Gillian Flynn Series ?Utopia? at The Playlist."
"The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq came under pressure from weakness in technology stocks ahead of Apple's results on Tuesday, while a rebound in industrial stocks lifted the Dow.
  
"
"Apple's celebration of creativity has been expanded today in stores around the world - what does this mean for professional creatives?"
"Wall Street was mixed on Tuesday, with technology shares dipping ahead of Apple's quarterly report while a rebound in 3M and other industrials elevated the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
  
"
"* Dow up 0.21 pct, S&P 500 down 0.16 pct, Nasdaq down 0.73
pct
(Updates to afternoon)
  
"
"Gold hit an eight-month high
while world stock markets were mixed ahead of further U.S.-Sino
trade talks, a raft of technology company results starting with
Apple later on Tuesday and an impending Federal Reserve decision
on interest rates.
  
"
"Gold hit an eight-month high while world stock markets were mixed ahead of further U.S.-Sino trade talks, a raft of technology company results starting with Apple later on Tuesday and an impending Federal Reserve decision on interest rates.
  
"
"What's better than giving a friend or special someone a great gift? A gift that gives back. (RED) has partnered with tech brands like Apple, Beats By Dre and Amazon for limited-edition products.
    
"
"Starting pay for workers assembling its products in China costs about $3.15 an hour. Compensation for similar jobs in the United States is significantly higher"
"Wall Street was mixed on Tuesday, with technology shares dipping ahead of Apple's quarterly report while a rebound in 3M and other industrials elevated the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
  
"
"Wall Street was mixed on Tuesday, with
technology shares dipping ahead of Apple's quarterly report
while a rebound in 3M and other industrials elevated the Dow
Jones Industrial Average.
  
"
"Apple Inc said sales for its fiscal second quarter would most likely be lower than Wall Street expected, a signal that it continues to face weak demand for its iPhone, especially in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
  
"
"Advanced Micro Devices Inc on Tuesday said it saw record growth in data center revenue, in sharp contrast to results by bigger rivals Nvidia Corp and Intel Corp.
  
"
"Wall Street was mixed on Tuesday, with technology shares dipping ahead of Apple's quarterly report while a rebound in 3M and other industrials elevated the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
  
"
"\"Team of Vipers\" has been moving up Amazon's best selling ever since Trump's tweet, and it now stands at No. 6.
    
"
"Apple Inc said sales for its
fiscal second quarter would most likely be lower than Wall
Street expected, a signal that it continues to face weak demand
for its iPhone, especially in China, the world's biggest
smartphone market.
  
"
"Gold hit an eight-month high
while world stock markets were mixed ahead of further U.S.-Sino
trade talks, a raft of technology company results starting with
Apple later on Tuesday and an impending Federal Reserve decision
on U.S. interest rates.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday said sales
for its fiscal second quarter would most likely be lower than
Wall Street expected, a signal that it continues to face weak
demand for its iPhone, especially in China, the world's biggest
smartphone market.
  
"
"* Dow up 0.21 pct, S&P 500 down 0.15 pct, Nasdaq down 0.81
pct
(Updates to close)
  
"
"* Dow up 0.21 pct, S&P 500 down 0.16 pct, Nasdaq down 0.73
pct
  
"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday reported sharp growth in its services business and Chief Executive Tim Cook said trade tensions between the United States and China were easing, helping its shares up even after sales of its iPhone dipped in the holiday shopping quarter.
  
"
"Wall Street was mixed on Tuesday, with Alphabet, Facebook and other technology-related shares dipping, while a rebound in 3M and other industrials elevated the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
  
"
"Fourteen-year old Grant Thompson was just trying to play video games with friends on a day off from school when he made an alarming discovery: a bug in Apple's FaceTime tool that could turn iPhones into eavesdropping devices.
    
"
"* Dow up 0.21 pct, S&P 500 down 0.15 pct, Nasdaq down 0.81
pct
(Updates with Apple's results)
  
"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday reported
sharp growth in its services business and Chief Executive Tim
Cook said trade tensions between the United States and China
were easing, helping its shares up even after sales of its
iPhone dipped in the holiday shopping quarter.
  
"
"Apple Inc reported sharp growth in its services business and Chief Executive Tim Cook said trade tensions between the United States and China were easing, helping the technology company's shares up after hours even as iPhone sales dipped in the holiday shopping quarter for the first time.
  
"
"Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices Inc on Tuesday reported record quarterly growth in data center sales and projected revenue growth in fiscal 2019 above Wall Street expectations, sending its shares up 10 percent after the bell.
  
"
"Apple Inc reported sharp growth
in its services business and Chief Executive Tim Cook said trade
tensions between the United States and China were easing,
helping the technology company's shares up after hours even as
iPhone sales dipped in the holiday shopping quarter for the
first time.
  
"
"** Shares of Apple suppliers up in extended trade after Apple's quarterly results and guide prove not as bad as some expected
  
"
"Apple's iPhone business is in decline -- and there appears to be no end in sight.Apple's iPhone business is in decline -- and there appears to be no end in sight.
    
"
"Apple Inc reported sharp growth in its services business on Tuesday and Chief Executive Tim Cook said trade tensions between the United States and China were easing, helping boost the company's shares after hours even though iPhone sales dipped in the holiday shopping quarter for the first time.
  
"
"Apple Inc reported sharp growth
in its services business on Tuesday and Chief Executive Tim Cook
said trade tensions between the United States and China were
easing, helping boost the company's shares after hours even
though iPhone sales dipped in the holiday shopping quarter for
the first time.
  
"
"U.S. stock futures and Asian equities eked out modest gains on Wednesday as investors seized on Apple Inc's earnings  and comments from its chief that U.S.-China trade tensions were easing, sending the iPhone maker's shares soaring in after-hours trade.
  
"
"U.S. stock futures and Asian
equities eked out modest gains on Wednesday as investors seized
on Apple Inc's earnings  and comments from its chief
that U.S.-China trade tensions were easing, sending the iPhone
maker's shares soaring in after-hours trade.
  
"
"On the January 29, 2019 episode of /Film Daily, /Film editor in chief Peter Sciretta is joined by /Film managing editor Jacob Hall and writer Hoai-Tran Bui to discuss the latest film and tv news. You can subscribe to /Film Daily on iTunes, Google Play, Overcast, Spotify and all the popular podcast apps (here is [?]
The post Daily Podcast: Is A Funko Pop Movie A Ridiculous Concept? Is The LEGO Movie Sequel Awesome? And The Death Of The Dark Universe appeared first on /Film."
"Fourteen-year old Grant Thompson was just trying to play video games with friends on a day off from school when he made an alarming discovery: A bug in Apple's FaceTime tool that could turn iPhones into eavesdropping devices."
"Apple's iPhone business is in decline -- and there appears to be no end in sight."
"If patterns from prior years hold, Apple's revenue may decline in the full year for the first time since 2016"
"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures and Asian equities eked out modest gains on Wednesday as investors seized on Apple Inc's earnings  and comments from its chief that U.S.-China trade tensions were easing, sending the iPhone maker's shares soaring ..."
"Apple Inc plans to cut the price of some of its flagship iPhones for only the second time in the device's 12-year history, pegging its retail value to past prices in local currencies outside the United States instead of the rising U.S. dollar.
  
"
"* Mothers futures market triggers circuit breaker, resumes
trade
  
"
"Asian equities steadied on Wednesday as investors awaited Federal Reserve policy guidance and the outcome of high level trade talks between the United States and China, while drawing relief from Apple Inc's earnings.
  
"
"Asian equities steadied on
Wednesday as investors awaited Federal Reserve policy guidance
and the outcome of high level trade talks between the United
States and China, while drawing relief from Apple Inc's
earnings.
  
"
"Electric carmaker NIO Inc, among rivals to Tesla in China, launched a $650 million convertible bond on Wednesday, four months after it listed in New York.
  
"
"* LG Display shares fall 4.2 pct
(Adds quote, details on Apple Watches, share price)
  
"
"Electric carmaker NIO Inc
, among rivals to Tesla in China, launched a
$650 million convertible bond on Wednesday, four months after it
listed in New York.
  
"
"The Cupertino, US-based tech giant has also disclosed a whopping 62.8% gross margin in 'services' business"
"* Mothers down 8 pct, futures market triggers circuit
breaker
  
"
"Asian equities steadied on
Wednesday as investors awaited Federal Reserve policy guidance
and the outcome of high level trade talks between the United
States and China, while drawing relief from Apple Inc's
earnings.
  
"
"Asian equities steadied on Wednesday as investors awaited Federal Reserve policy guidance and the outcome of high level trade talks between the United States and China, while drawing relief from Apple Inc's earnings.
  
"
"Round-up of South Korean financial
markets:
  
"
"Chinese tech giant Huawei overtook Apple to become the second-largest smartphone seller in the world in 2018. It remains a privately held company, and little is known about its reclusive founder Ren Zhengfei, a former Chinese army engineer who rarely speaks to the media."
"Electric carmaker NIO Inc, among rivals to Tesla in China, launched a $650 million five-year convertible bond on Wednesday, aiming to use the proceeds to fund expansion.
  
"
"World stocks inched up and the dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of policy guidance from the U.S. Federal Reserve, with Apple results providing relief while market confidence that a no-deal Brexit can be avoided took a hit.
  
"
"World stocks inched up and the
dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of policy guidance from the
U.S. Federal Reserve, with Apple results providing relief while
market confidence that a no-deal Brexit can be avoided took a
hit.
  
"
"Even as he tries to boost iPhone sales, Tim Cook also must prove that Apple can still thrive even if demand doesn't rebound."
"Apple's stock is \"cheap\" at the moment, but the iPhone maker needs to innovate in order to return to strong growth, according to one strategist who spoke to CNBC."
"Facebook has been under fire for months over its privacy practices and role in the 2016 US presidential election"
"Since 2016, Facebook has been paying teenagers and adults to install the so-called \"Facebook Research\" app on their Apple or Android phones."
"Tesla offers lower-priced versions of its Model S and X vehicles after recently slashing production, and ditching versions of these cars that featured a 75 kWh battery pack."
"Jim Cramer says Apple's haters are at a loss for ammo against the iPhone maker after its first-quarter earnings report."
"Apple reported revenue from China in its first quarter 2019 earnings report Tuesday."
"Apple disclosed its cash pile in its first-quarter 2019 earnings report on Tuesday."
"AMD President and CEO Lisa Su said she expects 2019 to be another strong year because of AMD's competitive product portfolio."
"Apple reported the numbers for its fiscal first quarter under a new structure."
"Analysts were mostly unimpressed by Apple's earnings report, but think at least the worst is over for the stock for now."
"World stocks and the dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of policy guidance from the U.S. Federal Reserve, with Apple results providing relief while market confidence that a no-deal Brexit can be avoided took a hit.
  
"
"U.S. stock index futures rose on
Wednesday, as Apple Inc's results offered some relief
to markets ahead of the Federal Reserve's outlook on monetary
policy and another round of U.S.-China trade talks.
  
"
"* Graphic: World FX rates http://tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
(Adds quote, updates prices throughout)
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"With Facebook set to release quarterly results after the market close on Wednesday, Wall Street wants to know how well Stories is doing."
"* Boeing gains after upbeat earnings, 2019 deliveries
forecast
  
"
"U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday, as results from Apple Inc and Boeing Co calmed nerves ahead of the Federal Reserve's update on monetary policy and fresh U.S.-China trade talks.
  
"
"U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday,
as results from Apple Inc and Boeing Co calmed
nerves ahead of the Federal Reserve's update on monetary policy
and fresh U.S.-China trade talks.
  
"
"U.S. stocks jumped on Wednesday, as relief after Apple Inc's earnings and an upbeat report from Boeing Co eased nerves as investors waited for updates from the Federal Reserve and U.S.-China trade talks.
  
"
"* Boeing gains after upbeat earnings, 2019 deliveries
forecast
  
"
"Even if you?re not a football fan, there are plenty of reasons to watch this Sunday?s Super Bowl. Namely, there will be a number of brand-new trailers for films that premiere during the commercial breaks. While we already know of a few that are scheduled to show up, Amazon has gone ahead and released one of its trailers a few days early for their upcoming series ?Hanna.? And for good reason, as it would appear that the streaming service is pulling a ?Cloverfield Paradox,? of sorts.
Continue reading ?Hanna? Super Bowl Trailer Reveals Amazon Will Release First Episode Right After The Big Game at The Playlist."
"Apple Inc said on Wednesday it
had banned Facebook Inc from a program designed to let
businesses control iPhones used by their employees, saying the
social networking company had improperly used it to track the
web-browsing habits of teenagers.
  
"
"World stocks and the dollar
rose on Wednesday ahead of policy guidance from the Federal
Reserve, with results from Boeing and Apple and data that showed
U.S. private sector jobs increased more than expected in January
reassuring investors.
  
"
"* Boeing gains after upbeat earnings, 2019 deliveries
forecast
  
"
"* Indexes up: Dow 1.33 pct, S&P 0.89 pct, Nasdaq 1.30 pct
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"New York's new Attorney General Letitia
James and Governor Andrew Cuomo on Wednesday announced https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/attorney-general-james-and-governor-cuomo-announce-investigation-apple-facetime
an investigation into Apple Inc's failure to warn
consumers about a FaceTime bug that lets iPhones users listen to
conversations of others who have not yet accepted a video call.
  
"
"The dollar slid and equities
surged on Wednesday, fueled at first by Boeing and Apple's
results and later by the Federal Reserve pledging to be patient
with future interest rate hikes, a change in tone stock
investors interpreted as a buy signal.
  
"
"Jan 30 - Tesla Inc on Wednesday reported a smaller
fourth-quarter profit compared with the previous three months
and said Model 3 production volume in California should reach
7,000 units per week by the end of the year.
  
"
"Facebook Inc beat Wall Street
estimates for quarterly revenue and profit on Wednesday, helped
by growth in Instagram business and a steady rise in advertising
spending by companies.
  
"
"Qualcomm Inc missed analysts'
expectations for holiday-quarter revenue, as slowing smartphone
demand in China and the loss of big customer Apple Inc
took a toll on its chip sales.
  
"
"Facebook Inc topped analysts'
estimates for quarterly revenue and profit on Wednesday, helped
by growth in its Instagram business and a steady rise in
advertising spending by companies.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's Azure cloud
computing platform grew at a slower pace in the December quarter
compared with a year earlier, sending shares of the software
giant about 2 percent lower in after-hours trade on Wednesday.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's Azure cloud
computing platform grew at a slower pace in the December quarter
compared with a year earlier, sending shares of the software
giant nearly 3 percent lower in after-hours trade on Wednesday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google said on Wednesday it disabled an iPhone app that it had
paid some users to install to study their digital habits,
following a similar move late on Tuesday by social media network
Facebook Inc.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
reported results largely in line with Wall Street's targets,
though Azure cloud computing sales grew more slowly in the
December quarter than a year earlier.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday reported
its slowest quarterly revenue growth in more than six years as a
public company but  easily beat Wall Street's profit estimates,
soothing investor concerns that rising costs would blunt growth.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
reported results largely in line with Wall Street's targets,
though Azure cloud computing sales grew more slowly in the
December quarter than a year earlier.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
reported results largely in line with Wall Street's targets,
though Azure cloud computing sales grew more slowly in the
December quarter than a year earlier.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday easily
beat Wall Street's profit estimates, soothing investor concerns
that increased spending on the privacy of its users would blunt
growth.
  
"
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and new
Attorney General Letitia James on Wednesday said the state was
probing Apple Inc's failure to warn consumers about a
FaceTime bug that lets iPhones users see and hear others before
they accept a video call.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday met
Wall Street's targets for its quarterly results and forecast,
though Azure cloud computing sales grew more slowly than a year
earlier.
  
"
"Apple says Facebook was using a distribution mechanism meant for company employees, not outsiders, so Apple has revoked that capability"
"Facebook Inc reported
better-than-expected profit on Wednesday, showing that digital
advertisers were still flocking to spend money on the service in
order to reach customers even after a series of high profile
embarrassments for the world's largest online social media
network.
  
"
"The company also announced that its chief financial officer, Deepak Ahuja, would retire, extending a slide in shares after hours to nearly 6 per cent"
"Facebook posted robust December quarter earnings, beating street estimates- revenues up 30%, as over 100 million users join DAU count"
"In a Facebook post, minister of textiles irani said: \"Unquestionably, he (Gandhi) is a congenital liar. The political system is increasingly realising that it is dangerous to even maintain social contact with him in terms of basic political courtesies.\""
"France's competition regulator has
ordered Google to take measures regarding some of its
advertising methods, saying these had hit French firm Amadeus
which runs a directory service in France.
  
"
"\"The important thing is that the people involved in that research project knew they were involved and consented,\" Sandberg told CNBC's Julia Boorstin after an earnings report that smashed expectations on Wednesday."
"Moving into the CFO role at the electric vehicle maker is Zach Kirkhorn, previously the company's vice president of finance."
"Jim Cramer shares explains U.S. companies' currency problem and how it's affecting giants like Apple."
"Tesla, which released its fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday, assured investors that it has enough cash on hand to handle a large bond payment due in about five weeks."
"Apple is planning to launch a new iPad and a new iPhone with special 3D augmented reality cameras in 2020, according to Bloomberg."
"Tesla reported its second consecutive quarterly profit and better-than-expected sales, but its earnings fell short of analysts' expectations."
"Daily active users grew in every geographic area, reversing a downward trend in Europe and a plateau in North America."
"Microsoft's total revenue was slightly below consensus as Windows device revenue declined. But Azure revenue growth was stable."
"Embark and other firms working on self-driving trucks aim to alleviate industry pains by making existing truck drivers safer and more efficient. Amazon is using Embark's trucks for some loads."
"To continue operating, Amazon and Walmart will now have to turn their sites in India into digital bazaars for independent merchants, becoming more like eBay"
"Trouble is, it took cost cuts at the $53 billion electric-car maker to eke out even that, which was less than half the profit in the previous three months - itself Tesla's first black ink in ages"
"Analysts think Facebook fears were overblown going into this earnings report."
"AMD is seeing wild swings, but one technician says the trading pattern has promise for a big move higher."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla's announcement on Wednesday that the company's chief financial officer is retiring has unnerved Wall Street's top analysts."
"* Futures: Dow off 0.10 pct, S&P up 0.10 pct, Nasdaq up 0.53
pct
  
"
"Concerns of slowing growth could be a focus when Amazon reports its fourth-quarter earnings report on Thursday."
"After 18 months of distraction defending
itself over privacy and its role as a platform for electoral
manipulation, Facebook Inc is focusing squarely on
products after its strong fourth-quarter results won back
investors, who sent its shares up nearly 12 percent on Thursday.
  
"
"* Facebook surges after upbeat 4th-qtr, boosts Nasdaq
futures
  
"
"The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq opened higher
on Thursday on upbeat results from Facebook Inc,
extending a rally after the Federal Reserve's pledge to be
patient on further interest rate hikes, while the Dow was held
lower by a spate of downbeat earnings reports.
  
"
"India late last year modified
foreign direct investment (FDI) rules for its burgeoning
e-commerce sector that has attracted  Walmart Inc and
Amazon.com Inc, creating new hurdles for both global
retail giants.
  
"
"Walmart Inc-owned
Flipkart and Amazon.com Inc's Indian unit are rushing
to rejig ownership structures and rework some key vendor
relationships, as they seek to comply with new Indian e-commerce
curbs without disrupting their businesses.
  
"
"* Dow off 0.44 pct, S&P up 0.37 pct, Nasdaq jumps 0.95 pct
(Updates to open)
  
"
"An Asian internet lobby group,
whose members include Alphabet's Google and Facebook
, on Thursday criticised India's plans to regulate social
media content.
  
"
"Global equity markets mostly
rose on Thursday, propelled by Facebook's stellar earnings and
the Federal Reserve's pledge to be patient in raising borrowing
costs further, while U.S. bond yields fell on indications of
weaker than expected inflation.
  
"
"* Dow off 0.24 pct, S&P up 0.69 pct, Nasdaq jumps 1.33 pct
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"Amazon.com
began removing a wide array of products from its India website
late on Thursday to comply with the country's new foreign
investment curbs that kick in from Feb. 1, two sources with
direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
  
"
"* FACEBOOK SAYS REMOVING COORDINATED INAUTHENTIC BEHAVIOR
FROM
IRAN
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
removed pages, groups and accounts tied to Iran for using and
coordinating fake accounts.
  
"
"* Amazon, Walmart and Washington had all lobbied against
changes
  
"
"India is the world's biggest emerging digital economy, and Silicon Valley's top companies have invested huge sums to cash in on it. Now new regulations are threatening their business."
"Wall Street extended its rally on
Thursday as strong earnings from Facebook Inc added to
optimism after the Federal Reserve's dovish remarks the previous
day, while investors waited for the outcome of U.S.-China trade
talks.
  
"
"
    The biggest thing underpinning Tesla's valuation is the promise of growth. And the biggest head-scratcher to emerge over the course of January concerns how that growth is being funded. On Wednesday's earnings call, the company managed to not so much bury the lead as entomb it."
"
    IT IS easy to be outraged by the revelationthat Facebook has been paying users between the ages of 13and 35 up to US$20 a month to allow practically unlimited access to their smartphone usage data. But outrageabout the social media giant is so 2017.The latest dubious practice could be an opportunity to consider a more finely tuned business model than the one that Facebook uses today."
"Global equity markets mostly
rose on Thursday, fueled by upbeat  Facebook earnings and the
Federal Reserve's pledge to be patient in raising borrowing
costs further, while U.S. bond yields fell on indications of
weaker-than-expected inflation.
  
"
"* Amazon, Walmart and Washington had all lobbied against
changes
  
"
"Facebook Inc could be subjected to
at least two more state probes in the United States on the
alleged mishandling of user data, Bloomberg reported https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-01-31/facebook-privacy-lapses-said-to-be-target-of-more-probes-in-u-s
on Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc could be subjected to
at least two more state probes in the United States on the
alleged mishandling of user data, Bloomberg reported https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-01-31/facebook-privacy-lapses-said-to-be-target-of-more-probes-in-u-s
on Thursday.
  
"
"France's competition
regulator on Thursday ordered Alphabet Inc's Google to
review its policies and procedures for blocking certain ads,
saying that its actions against French firm Amadeus may have
been anti-competitive.
  
"
NA
"
    GOJEK announced on Friday the close of the initial portion of its ongoing series F round led by existing investors Google, JD, and Tencent. Other participants include Mitsubishi Corporation and Provident Capital."
"* Amazon, Walmart and Washington had all lobbied against
changes
  
"
NA
"U.S. electric vehicle
maker Tesla Inc said it will start taking orders in
China on Friday for a lower-priced version of its Model 3 car,
as it seeks to accelerate China sales hit by trade friction
between Washington and Beijing.
  
"
"U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc
said it will start taking orders in China on Friday for
a lower-priced version of its Model 3 vehicle, whose price will
start at 433,000 yuan  ($64,300.56).
  
"
"* Amazon, Walmart and Washington had all lobbied against
changes
  
"
"Indonesian ride-hailing firm
Go-Jek has raised around $1 billion in a funding round, led by
Alphabet Inc's Google, JD.com Inc and Tencent
Holdings, sources familiar with the matter said on
Friday.
  
"
"Tesla is in a rush to ramp sales and manufacturing in China, before new U.S.-China trade negotiations, and before electric vehicle subsidies dry up there. Here are Elon Musk's comments on China from the company's latest earnings call."
"Jim Cramer says low expectations helped Facebook, General Electric and Apple's stocks come out on top after earnings."
"Apple and Facebook put an end to a short-lived squabble on Thursday when the iPhone maker restored a key developer certificate for the social media company."
"Apple revoked a key developer license from Google on Thursday, the same action it took against Facebook for violating its enterprise developer rules."
"AWS isn't growing as fast as Microsoft Azure, but it still dominates cloud infrastructure and produces most of Amazon's profit."
"Amazon reported a beat across the board for its fourth-quarter, but its stock dropped after warning of increased investments."
"* Tesla says sales of 433,000 yuan variant to begin on
Friday
  
"
"The California-based firm said in a statement that Chinese customers will be allowed to place orders for a long range, rear-wheel-drive Model 3 variant whose price will start at $64,300.56"
"The market already knew the bad that would be in Apple's earnings after it preannounced weak quarterly iPhone sales, and now the tech stock is rallying, but not because the company gave investors anything to be excited about."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Despite a mostly solid earnings report, Amazon stock is down in pre-market trading. Wall Street analysts are telling clients to buy."
"German Chancellor Angela Merkel
took another step in her stage-managed exit from politics on
Friday, posting a video to announce the closure of her Facebook
page after stepping down as head of her party.
  
"
"The Dow Jones Industrial index opened
slightly higher on Friday while the S&P 500 was flat after
stronger-than-expected U.S. jobs data reassured investors
worried about a slowdown, but losses in Amazon kept gains in
check and weighed down Nasdaq.
  
"
"Apple Inc has fixed a bug that
let iPhone users see and hear others before they accept FaceTime
calls and will roll out a software update next week to re-enable
Group FaceTime, it said on Friday.
  
"
"* Cigna's outlook, proposed rebate rule hit healthcare
stocks
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Friday it has
fixed a privacy flaw in its group video chat software and that
it plans to improve how it handles reports of software bugs
after a teenager and his mother tried for days to warn the
iPhone maker of the bug.
  
"
"* Tesla says sales of 433,000 yuan variant to begin on
Friday
  
"
"Discovering a new distribution channel can do wonders for you. Imagine if you'd been one of the first apps in the Apple Store!
       
"
"* Indexes: Dow up 0.45 pct, S&P up 0.16 pct, Nasdaq off 0.10
pct
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"* Indexes: Dow up 0.15 pct, S&P down 0.06 pct, Nasdaq off
0.35 pct
(Updates to afternoon)
  
"
"On Sunday, Sarah Michelle Gellar will try to sell you Olay face cream. Adam Scott and 2 Chainz will pitch you Expensify to do your work expenses. And Christina Applegate is going to threaten some too-chatty anthropomorphic M&Ms from the front seat of her mom van in hopes that somehow makes you want to eat a chocolate bar filled with the colorful candies."
"Bond yields rose on Friday after
U.S. employment and manufacturing data underscored a strong
economy with little wage inflation, while a gloomy outlook from
Amazon.com helped drag a gauge of global equity markets lower
  
"
"Wall Street indexes were mixed on Friday,
as optimism from a surge in January U.S. job growth was offset
by a weaker-than-expected outlook from Amazon.com Inc
that battered retail stocks.
  
"
"The billionaire founder of Tesla promised the company ?will not initiate patent lawsuits against anyone who, in good faith, wants to use our technology?. It was a remarkable move in an industry where the smallest idea or seed of invention is carefully guarded to protect its monetary value. Musk said he was now sceptical of patents which too often served ?to stifle progress?."
"An Asian internet lobby group,
whose members include Alphabet's Google and Facebook
, on Thursday criticised India's plans to regulate social
media content.
  
"
"Nasdaq-listed Amazon?s shares fell by 5.38% to $1626.23, losing $45.22 billion in market capitalisation. Walmart?s share price fell by 2.06% to $93.86 on NYSE, losing $5.7 billion in market capitalisation. At the close of trade on Friday in the US, Amazon was valued at $795.18 billion while Walmart was at $272.69 billion."
NA
"[quote]togr posted:
Try amazon ec2 the verybasic vps is free for a year
[/quote]

Good one, they are very professional & providing such a smooth service."
"The customary headhunting saw the participation of 147 recruiters at IIM Lucknow including Aditya Birla Group, Amazon, Flipkart"
"
    US STOCKS surged last week, and major indices saw their biggest January gains in 30 years after a reversal from the Federal Reserve and \"better-than-feared\" earnings from Apple, General Electric and others."
NA
"China's imports of liquefied
natural gas (LNG) rose to another monthly record in January,
even as the country grapples with high gas inventories amid a
warmer-than-usual winter, according to shipping data and
industry sources.
  
"
"Japan's Panasonic Corp
reported on Monday a 19 percent drop in third-quarter operating
profit and lowered its full-year earnings outlook, even though
investment in its battery business with U.S. electric vehicle
maker Tesla Inc began to pay off.
  
"
"* Posts Q3 op profit of 97.6 bln yen vs 122.35 bln yen
expected
  
"
"Language learning app Drops was named Google's best app of 2018 and increased revenue fivefold last year."
"Tencent-owned WeChat is the world's third largest messaging app behind Facebook's WhatsApp and Messenger, but it can do much more than just sending messages."
"Apple's slew of new services launching in 2019 including video streaming, a media bundle would drive its stock 27 percent higher from here this year, Morgan Stanley said."
"Amazon used to reject the need for ad spending, but Jeff Bezos has changed his view and turned the company into a major advertiser."
"Anonymous Tesla short sellers launched a website, Tslaq.org, to showcase their aerial photos, and crowdsourced research on the car maker."
"In the fourth quarter of 2018, Facebook estimated that duplicate accounts may have represented approximately 11 per centof its MAUs while the figure was 5 per cent in 2015. Monthly active users (MAUs) were 1.59 billion as of December 31, 2015 while it grew to 2.32 billion as of December 31, 2018, it said."
"Tech companies including Facebook, Google and Twitter remove 72 percent of illegal hate speech on their platforms, the European Commission said Monday."
"Apple has a pile of nearly $250 billion in cash and one of the ways J.P. Morgan thinks the tech giant could use it is by acquiring Netflix, to boost Apple's position as a video content creator."
"Satya Nadella has been CEO for five years, and the company has changed internally and externally. The stock price has grown too. But Nadella has not become a billionaire yet."
"Alphabet's costs to doing business have gotten steeper."
"Maxwell Technologies Inc, a
developer of battery technology, said on Monday it had agreed to
be bought by Tesla Inc for $218 million.
(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru
Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
  
"
"Maxwell Technologies makes ultracapacitors, a technology Tesla CEO Elon Musk has said could be useful for electric cars."
"Tesla Inc is buying Maxwell
Technologies Inc for $218 million in an all-stock deal
that will help the electric car maker beef up its battery
technology at a time when it is ramping up production of its
crucial Model 3 sedan.
  
"
"Volkswagen AG <VOWG_p,DE> unit
Electrify America said on Monday it will install Tesla Inc
battery storage packs at more than 100 charging
stations across the United States to keep costs down for drivers
charging electric vehicles.
  
"
"The boy's mother said, \"A high-level executive with Apple\" flew into them in Tucson, Arizona Friday afternoon to meet with her teenage son."
"Tesla Inc has agreed to buy
energy storage company Maxwell Technologies Inc for
$218 million in an all-stock deal that could help the electric
car maker produce batteries that hold more energy and last
longer at a time when it needs to cut costs and faces growing
competition.
  
"
"From 'The Matrix' trilogy to 1950's 'Three Husbands' this month's film selections have all the genres covered.
The post What?s New to Stream on Amazon Prime for February 2019 appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"Alphabet Inc beat Wall Street
estimates for fourth-quarter revenue and profit on Monday, as
advertisers spent more on its Google search and YouTube services
during the busy holiday shopping period.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
had named Starbucks Corp Chief Operating Officer
Rosalind Brewer to its board, making her the first black
director of the e-commerce giant.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
had named Starbucks Corp Chief Operating Officer
Rosalind Brewer as director, making her the second black woman
to serve on the e-commerce giant's board.
  
"
"Google had a shot at open source software companies GitHub and Red Hat last year."
"Capital expenditures for Alphabet's Google business more than doubled in 2018 and grew faster than revenue."
"Google continues to grow its \"other revenues\" segment, which includes its cloud business and hardware sales. But capex grew faster than expected and the company continues to face downward pressure on advertising prices."
"Last December, the Indian government effectively banned Amazon and its local competitor, Flipkart, from selling products from companies in which they have an equity stake. That rule took effect at the beginning of February."
"Jim Cramer tells investors to focus on the long term when it comes to stock market stalwarts like Apple, Facebook and Microsoft."
"Ex-NFL star Nick Lowery proved he has some serious skills off the field ? he was named the winner of the 2018 CNBC stock draft on Monday."
"Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos was in attendance at Sunday's Super Bowl, and there's one argument I hope he was making to Roger Goodell."
"Abu Dhabi's Mubadala Investment
Co said on Tuesday it will sell its stake of 34.9
million common equity shares and convert 75 million warrants in
U.S chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices (AMD).
  
"
"According to the report, the offer will value each of Maxwell's 45.9 million shares at $4.75. The merger is expected to close in the second quarter of 2019"
"Sensor specialist AMS
expects revenue in the first quarter of 2019 to fall to $350-390
million amid continued weak smartphone demand and
\"characteristic first-quarter consumer market seasonality\", it
said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Abu Dhabi's Mubadala Investment
Co has sold 34.9 million common equity shares in Advanced Micro
Devices (AMD), a company spokesperson said on Tuesday,
and plans to convert 75 million warrants in the U.S chipmaker.
  
"
"U.S. technology giant Apple
said it had reached a deal with France to pay an
undeclared amount of back-dated tax, with French media putting
the sum at around 500 million euros ($571 million).
  
"
"Facebook has banned four
insurgent groups fighting against Myanmar's military from its
social network, the company said on Tuesday, saying it wanted to
prevent offline harm by removing groups it branded \"dangerous
organisations\".
  
"
"Facebook has banned four
insurgent groups fighting against Myanmar's military from its
social network, the company said on Tuesday, saying it wanted to
prevent offline harm by removing groups it branded \"dangerous
organisations\".
  
"
"Apple agreed to pay $571 million to French authorities to settle a back-dated tax, French media reported on Tuesday."
"Sensor specialist AMS expects revenue in the first quarter of 2019 to fall to $350-390 million amid continued weak smartphone demand and first-quarter consumer market seasonality."
"NBC Sports is partnering with Rory McIlroy on a golf subscription service that includes instructional videos, rounds of golf and discounts."
"The Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance
will tie up with Alphabet Inc's Google to develop
autonomous taxis and other services using self-driving vehicles,
the Nikkei reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc's
grocery service is slowly returning on its India
website after the online retail giant faced disruption from
revised e-commerce curbs which kicked in on Feb. 1.
  
"
"Lumentum Holdings Inc, which
supplies sensors for Apple's FaceId feature, forecast
third-quarter revenue below analysts' estimates hurt by slowing
demand for smartphones in China.
  
"
"In the U.S., a mere 3 percent of grocery spending takes place online today. A new study by Bain & Co. in collaboration with Google finds shoppers are still reluctant to try delivery services and often don't stick with them."
"Apple's HomePod only makes up 6 percent of the U.S. installed base of smart speaker devices."
"Microsoft has been a helpful partner for Databricks. So the board and the CEO decided to let Microsoft invest."
"Owners of today's battery-electric vehicles found out during last week's cold snap that the range can be impacted by things like terrain, a motorist's driving style and whether you use the heat."
"The Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi alliance
will tie up with Alphabet Inc's Google to develop
autonomous taxis and other services using self-driving vehicles,
the Nikkei reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"A TechCrunch report last year revealed CEO Mark Zuckerberg had deleted messages from his chats."
"Lumentum Holdings Inc said on
Tuesday it expects Android smartphone makers to launch devices
with facial recognition technology this year even as the Apple
Inc supplier forecast slightly lower-than-expected
revenue for its current quarter.
  
"
"Companies including Apple and Microsoft are among the biggest spenders on share buybacks, a practice that Senate liberals are strongly opposed to."
"SerpCloud SEO can hold its own against Google's ever-changing algorithm.
       
"
"The new language shows how Amazon's growing shipping and delivery services are no longer just a small part of its business ? and that it should be considered a more serious competitor to bigger logistics partners, like FedEx and UPS."
"Apple's French division
said it had reached a deal with France to pay an undeclared
amount of back-dated tax, which French media estimated at around
500 million euros ($571 million).
  
"
"Snap Inc on Tuesday said the
number of people using its Snapchat app was flat, beating Wall
Street projections that the company would continue to lose users
to rival Facebook Inc's Instagram.
  
"
"Microsoft is acquiring DataSense, a data integration platform developed by the company Brightbytes.
The post Microsoft Acquires Education Data Platform From Brightbytes appeared first on Market Brief."
"Two key U.S. House of
Representatives Democrats on Tuesday asked Apple Inc's,
chief executive, Tim Cook, to answer questions about a privacy
flaw in Apple's group video chat software after a teenager and
his mother tried for days to warn the iPhone maker of the bug.
  
"
"Snap Inc on Tuesday said the
number of people using its Snapchat app was flat, beating Wall
Street projections that it would continue to lose users to rival
Facebook Inc's Instagram, sending the company's shares up
more than 15 percent after hours.
  
"
"Two key U.S. House of
Representatives Democrats on Tuesday asked Apple Inc
Chief Executive Tim Cook, to answer questions about a privacy
flaw in Apple's group video chat software after a teenager and
his mother tried for days to warn the iPhone maker of the bug.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Tuesday that
Angela Ahrendts, the chief of its retail operations, was leaving
the company to pursue new opportunities.
  
"
"Snap Inc said the number of
people using its Snapchat app would remain at current levels
this quarter, easing worries the company would continue to lose
users to rival Facebook Inc's Instagram and sending its
shares up more than 20 percent.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Tuesday that
Angela Ahrendts, the chief of its retail operations, will leave
the company in April to pursue new opportunities.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Tuesday that
retail chief Angela Ahrendts will leave the company in April
after five years on the job, the third departure of a retail
head brought in from outside the company.
  
"
"Apple retail chief and former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts will be leaving the company \"for new personal and professional pursuits,\" Apple announced Tuesday."
"Snap Inc said the number of
people using its Snapchat app would remain at current levels
this quarter, easing worries the company would continue to lose
users to rival Facebook Inc's Instagram and sending its
shares up more than 20 percent.
  
"
"Facebook on Tuesday night said announced it has revamped its employee performance review system and will now tie employee bonuses to new criteria, such as \"making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company.\""
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc is
lowering the price of its Model 3 by $1,100, citing the end of a
costly customer referral program, a company spokeswoman said on
Wednesday.
  
"
"Jim Cramer breaks down the market's obsession with how large technology companies like Alphabet and Apple use their cash."
"Jim Cramer says investors can weather the storm of uncertainty this year with \"prestige\" stocks like Ralph Lauren, Estee Lauder, and Apple."
"Google rolled out a new tool on Tuesday that helps keep your accounts safer by letting you know if it thinks a password to a site you're visiting might have been stolen."
"Facebook is rolling out a new feature, previously available only to CEO Mark Zuckerberg, for everybody. Here's how to use it."
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc said
on Wednesday it is lowering the price of its Model 3 sedan by
$1,100, citing the end of a costly customer referral program.
  
"
"Britain's opposition Labour Party
would create a dedicated technology regulator to prevent market
abuse and look at breaking up monopolies like Facebook.
  
"
"Digital tech firms are too big and
Britain's opposition Labour Party would create a dedicated
technology regulator to prevent market abuse and look at
breaking up monopolies like Facebook, the party's deputy
leader will say on Wednesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday it
was lowering the price of its Model 3 sedan by $1,100, after the
electric carmaker ended its costly customer referral program.
  
"
"TomTom expects significant
growth in its enterprise, or software, sales in 2019, the
company said in an email on Wednesday, following publication of
its fourth-quarter results.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday it
was lowering the price of its Model 3 sedan for the second time
this year, moves that come in the wake of Tesla losing a tax
credit that made its cars more affordable for U.S. buyers.
  
"
"Snap on Wednesday added  TikTok to the list of companies it considers to be competitors, alongside Facebook, Twitter and YouTube."
"Facebook
																										
																												
																										
																												Twitter
																										
																												
																										
																												Website
																										
																						
																		
														
										
						
		

..."
"Apple's show of strength in its services business in its latest earnings report has helped its stock price recover."
"The NYPD is demanding that Google remove DWI checkpoint information from Waze."
"Besides, it also gave its nod for creation of a corpus of Rs 2,000 crore for development and upgradation of infrastructure in over 10,500 rural and regulated agriculture markets across the country. The Aayog will be a a high-powered permanent body which will formulate policy and issue directions for scaling up sustainable genetic upgradation of bovine resources and also look after effective implementation of laws and welfare schemes for cows."
"One of the biggest sellers on
Amazon.com Inc's India website has returned after the
online retail giant changed its business structures to comply
with new federal e-commerce curbs that took effect last week,
two sources told Reuters.
  
"
"Germany's antitrust
watchdog on Thursday announced a crackdown on Facebook's
data collection practices after ruling the world's largest
social network abused its market dominance to gather information
about users without their knowledge or consent.
  
"
"Germany's antitrust
watchdog on Thursday announced a crackdown on Facebook's
data collection practices after ruling the world's largest
social network abused its market dominance to gather information
about users without their knowledge or consent.
  
"
"* Watchdog bans feeding data from WhatsApp, Instagram to
Facebook
  
"
"German Justice Minister Katarina
Barley on Thursday welcomed a crackdown by Germany's antitrust
watchdog on Facebook's data collection practices, saying
the company was collecting data far beyond its platform.
  
"
NA
"The ruling does not yet have legal force and Facebook has a month to appeal, which the social network said it would do"
"Facebook's reported
plans to merge the infrastructure of its Messenger, WhatsApp and
Instagram services would, if implemented, face antitrust
scrutiny in Germany, the head of the Federal Cartel Office said
on Thursday.
  
"
NA
"Announced in October, you can finally buy the Surface Studio 2 ? though its components are a generation behind."
"Germany's antitrust watchdog said on Thursday that Facebook abused its market dominance in collecting, merging and using user data."
"* Watchdog bans feeding data from WhatsApp, Instagram to
Facebook
  
"
"Apple Inc has moved its modem
chip engineering effort into its in-house hardware technology
group from its supply chain unit, two people familiar with the
move told Reuters, a sign the tech company is looking to develop
a key component of its iPhones after years of buying it from
outside suppliers.
  
"
"India's modified foreign direct investment rules that kicked in on February 1, prevent companies such as Amazon from selling products from vendors where they, or their group companies, have equity holdings."
"* Watchdog bans feeding data from WhatsApp, Instagram to
Facebook
  
"
"The former Google exec and AOL CEO is launching \"the dtx company\", which will invest in startups in this space and work with these brands to help them scale, with their data and operational expertise."
"* Watchdog bans feeding data from WhatsApp, Instagram to
Facebook
  
"
"Beginning Thursday, people will begin to see political ads with 'published by' or 'paid for by' disclaimers"
"Amazon.com Inc on Thursday joined
the call for transparency in the use of facial recognition
technology by law enforcement agencies, and said it supports an
\"appropriate\" legislative framework on the technology to protect
civil rights.
  
"
"Leave out the soft skills ? even if you are a \"strong communicator\" who can \"thrive under pressure.\""
"Self-driving car startup Aurora announced on Thursday that it has raised $530 million, some of which is from Amazon."
"Lawyers representing Amazon and Walmart have been toiling without pause to stitch together new deals"
"The multi-million-dollar lawsuit comes as Amazon pushes aggressively into original content and studio work."
"Min Ryu's charming characters and colourful models made it to the Big Apple - all thanks to her Behance page."
"Tesla and Mercedes are talking."
"Apple just released software that fixes a huge FaceTime exploit."
"Apple Inc on Thursday released a
fix for a software bug that had let iPhone users hear audio from
users who had not yet accepted a video call.
  
"
"Woody Allen sued Amazon Studios
on Thursday, saying he deserves at least $68 million in damages
for its refusal to distribute his completed movie \"A Rainy Day
in New York\" and its decision to abandon a four-picture
production and distribution arrangement.
  
"
"Woody Allen sued Amazon Studios on Thursday, saying he deserves at least $68 million in damages for its refusal to distribute his completed movie \"A Rainy Day in New York\" and its decision to abandon a four-picture production and distribution arrangement.
  
"
"ence
													- The Unknown Revolution
													Come join us for what we believe is one of the most important conversations we can have today! This Saturday we are gathering some amazing speakers at the Berlinale.We will also be a showing a sneak peak of our upcoming feature doc iHUMANand discussing some of the most important questions around artificial intelligence today. How is AI changing our lives and our world? And can we make sure it is used for good?
													This event features the following experts on AI:
													Paul Nemitz, Principal Adviser in the European Commission & Member of the Data Ethics Commission appointed by the German Government.
													Guido Brinkel, Head of Regulatory Policy, Microsoft
													Leil Zahra, Tactical Technology Collective.
													Tonje Hessen Schei, director of iHUMAN.
													The panel will be moderated by Danielle Wilson from Think-Film Impact Production.Where: Norway HouseWhen:13:00, Saturday 9th February
											
										
						
		

..."
"Apple Inc on Thursday rolled out
software updates to iPhones to fix a privacy issue in its
FaceTime video calling service, and said it would contribute
toward the education of the Arizona teenager who discovered the
problem.
  
"
"* Breach of contract lawsuit comes amid #MeToo
(Adds details from complaint, background, byline)
  
"
"Facebook is also working on an ad library where users can learn more about ads related to politics, including a range of impressions and spend and demographics of who saw the ad. In the coming weeks, people will start seeing the country locations of the people managing pages that run political ads to better understand the origin of the page, the social media giant said."
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Jeff Bezos posted a blog on Thursday saying the National
Enquirer's parent company American Media threatened to blackmail
him with the threat of publishing \"intimate photos.\"
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Jeff Bezos posted a blog on Thursday saying the National
Enquirer's parent company American Media Inc (AMI) tried to
blackmail him with the threat of publishing \"intimate photos.\"
  
"
"In its January 9 story, the Enquirer reported that Bezos sent \"sleazy text messages and gushing love notes\" to Sanchez, months before Bezos announced he was splitting up with his wife, MacKenzie."
"In an explosive tell-all blog post published Thursday afternoon, Jeff Bezos accused the publisher of the National Enquirer of trying to extort him."
"Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com
Inc, has accused the owner of the National Enquirer of
trying to blackmail him with the threat of publishing \"intimate
photos\" he allegedly sent to his girlfriend unless he said in
public that the supermarket tabloid's reporting on him was not
politically motivated.
  
"
"Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com
Inc, has accused the owner of the National Enquirer of
trying to blackmail him with the threat of publishing \"intimate
photos\" he allegedly sent to his girlfriend unless he said in
public that the supermarket tabloid's reporting on him was not
politically motivated.
  
"
"Amazon has restructured its stake in holding companies of both Cloudtail and Appario Retail to be compliant with updated norms. Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy?s investment firm Catamaran has increased its stake in Prione Business Service, the holding company for Cloudtail, to 76% from 51%. Similarly, the Ashok Patni family office will also hike stake in Appario parent Frontizo Business Service to 76%."
"Facebook Inc is
toughening up the rules governing political advertisements in
India to create more transparency ahead of the country's general
elections due before May, the social media giant said late on
Thursday.
  
"
"Jeff Bezos, chief executive of
Amazon.com Inc, has accused the owner of the National
Enquirer of trying to blackmail him with the threat of
publishing \"intimate photos\" he allegedly sent to his girlfriend
unless he said in public that the supermarket tabloid's
reporting on him was not politically motivated.
  
"
"Users will see political advertisements with \"published by\" and \"paid by\" disclaimers, the Menlo Park, California-headquartered company said in a statement"
"Apple has responded to a report that revealed some apps were recording users' actions inside applications without their permission."
"The firm that sold Chelsea
Market to Google for $2.4 billion has joined three large
brokerages, among others, to back software designed to meet the
growing demands of a millennial workforce that is changing how
office space is leased and managed.
  
"
"This February reflection takes me squarely into the midst of the incredible people working at the intersections of arts, health, and the military. One of the fastest growing networks at Americans for the Arts is the National Initiative for Arts & Health in the Military (NIAHM) Facebook Group. I am feeling the love for everyone who shares their programs and stories regularly in the NIAHM group, whose contributors represent a dynamic mix of individuals and organizations, state and local arts agencies, VA programs, arts and veterans service organizations?representing all branches of service, and all forms of art and art-making. Each day brings new postings of happenings across the country, new programs, new milestones, new art, and new inspirations. Our member postings run the gamut of understanding the deep historical roots of the arts in the military, to examples of how today?s veteran artists are carving out the unique history of the 21st century through their art. A sampling of the postings from just the last two weeks tells a rich story of the history and diversity of the arts as part of the military culture.
Tags: National Initiative for Arts and Health in the Militaryarts and healingconnect"
"CNBC's Jim Cramer warns investors against acting rashly towards Amazon stock, in the wake of Jeff Bezos accusing the National Enquirer's of extortion."
"American Media Inc, the owner
of the National Enquirer, said on Friday it acted lawfully in
its reporting on Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com Inc
, and that it would thoroughly investigate his claims of
blackmail and take whatever action was necessary.
  
"
NA
"American Media Inc, the owner
of the National Enquirer tabloid newspaper, said on Friday it
acted lawfully in its reporting on Jeff Bezos, chief executive
of Amazon.com Inc, and that it would thoroughly
investigate his claims of blackmail and take whatever action was
necessary.
  
"
"American Media Inc, the owner
of the National Enquirer, said on Friday it acted lawfully in
its reporting on Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com Inc
, and that it would thoroughly investigate his claims of
blackmail and take whatever action was necessary.
  
"
"American Media Inc, the owner
of the National Enquirer tabloid newspaper, said on Friday it
acted lawfully in its reporting on Jeff Bezos, chief executive
of Amazon.com Inc, and that it would thoroughly
investigate his claims of blackmail and take whatever action was
necessary.
  
"
"Tesla's second-largest shareholder has added to its stake, months after praising the electric car maker."
"Amazon.com is
reconsidering locating part of its new headquarters in New York
because of local opposition, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing two people familiar with the global retailer's
thinking.
  
"
"The owner of U.S. tabloid
newspaper the National Enquirer pushed back on Friday against
accusations of \"extortion and blackmail\" from Amazon.com Inc
chief Jeff Bezos, saying its reporting on an
extramarital affair involving the world's richest man was lawful
and it would investigate his claims.
  
"
"Amazon.com is
reconsidering locating part of its new headquarters in New York
because of local opposition, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing two people familiar with the global retailer's
thinking.
  
"
"Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos stunned everyone with his revealing post accusing National Enquirer of extortion and blackmail, but analysts covering the biggest online retailer don't really care."
"Amazon.com is
reconsidering locating part of its new headquarters in New York
because of local opposition, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing two people familiar with the global retailer's
thinking.
  
"
"Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said people are holding on to their iPhones longer than ever before and that he expects iPhone units to decline 19 percent in fiscal 2019."
"U.S. prosecutors are reviewing
whether National Enquirer parent company American Media Inc
violated an earlier agreement granting it legal immunity in
exchange for cooperation given the tabloid's handling of a story
about Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos,
Bloomberg News reported on Friday.
  
"
"Amazon.com is
reconsidering locating part of its new headquarters in New York
because of local opposition, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing two people familiar with the global retailer's
thinking.
  
"
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said state senators' opposition of Amazon's deal to come to the state was \"governmental malpractice.\""
"The owner of U.S. tabloid
newspaper the National Enquirer pushed back on Friday against
accusations of \"extortion and blackmail\" from Amazon.com Inc
chief Jeff Bezos, saying its reporting on an
extramarital affair involving the world's richest man was lawful
and it would investigate his claims.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc is
reconsidering locating part of its new headquarters in New York
because of local opposition, the Washington Post reported on
Friday, citing two people familiar with the retailer's thinking.
  
"
"The owner of U.S. tabloid
newspaper the National Enquirer pushed back on Friday against
accusations of \"extortion and blackmail\" from Amazon.com Inc
Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, saying its reporting on an
extramarital relationship involving the world's richest man was
lawful and it would investigate his claims.
  
"
"The owner of U.S. tabloid
newspaper the National Enquirer pushed back on Friday against
accusations of \"extortion and blackmail\" from Amazon.com Inc
Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, saying its reporting on an
extramarital relationship involving the world's richest man was
lawful and it would investigate his claims.
  
"
"The European Union's effort to
rewrite two-decade old copyright rules to take into account
online platforms such as Alphabet Inc's Google moved a
step forward on Friday when EU countries agreed on a common
position for talks with lawmakers next week.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc is
exploring alternatives to locating part of its new headquarters
in New York in case the plan should fail due to local
opposition, a person briefed on the matter told Reuters on
Friday.
  
"
"The European Union's effort to
rewrite two-decade old copyright rules to take into account
online platforms such as Alphabet Inc's Google moved a
step forward on Friday when a majority of member countries
agreed on a common position for talks with lawmakers next week.
  
"
"Bernthal and Melina Kanakaredes for Participant Media and Summit. Snitch also offered a pointed look at the United States? draconian mandatory minimum sentencing laws. Prior to that, Waugh helmed the critically acclaimed film Felon, from his own screenplay for Sony. He also produced and directed the critically hailed documentary That Which I Love Destroys Me, released by Participant Media/Takepart. The documentary follows two Special Forces soldiers as they grapple with PTSD upon their return to the United States. Since its nationwide tour, where countless vets stood up and asked for help after watching the doc?s message, the Veteran Affairs has made Waugh?s documentary part of its official doctrine to help veteran?s return.

Butler is repped by CAA and Alan Siegel Entertainment. Waugh is repped by WME and Tara Kole at Gang Tyre...."
"Union minister Smriti Irani said,\"Five years back in 2014, we all saw Congress president Rahul Gandhi running from pillar to post in Amethi. Now, Kamdaar's work is such that Naamdaar (Priyanka) had to enter. Rahul cannot bring any development in his own constituency, it would be better for him to not show the country any dream of development.\""
"Molire is considered as the world?s foremost comic dramatist and perhaps the greatest artist in the history of French theater. Today?s Doodle provides a glimpse into Molire?s most memorable scenes from The Imaginary Invalid and other classics like School for Wives, Don Juan, and The Miser."
NA
"Saudi Arabia had \"absolutely
nothing to do\" with the National Enquirer's reporting on an
extramarital relationship involving  Amazon.com Inc
Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, the kingdom's minister of state for
foreign affairs said.
  
"
"Global online marketplace giant Amazon has indefinitely put on hold its plans to buy stake in Kishore Biyani's Future Group"
"Facebook Inc said on
Monday it is expanding its fact-checking network in India ahead
of the country's general election due by May, taking another
step to quell the spread of misinformation in its biggest market
by users.
  
"
"Google's top policy chief has called for \"common rules of the road\" globally when it comes to regulation of technology, amid ongoing debate around the world on how to create legislation for the internet economy."
"Facebook Inc is expanding
its fact-checking network in India to curb the spread of
misinformation as the world's largest democracy prepares for a
general election that must be held by May, the U.S.-based social
media giant said on Monday.
  
"
"Working at a bland building near Apple's new campus in Cupertino is nothing like the mythology of Silicon Valley"
"Canaccord Genuity upgraded Tesla to buy from hold and raised its 12-month price target to $450 from $305.80."
"Alphabet Inc's
Google has hired more than a dozen microchip engineers in
Bengaluru, India, in recent months and plans to rapidly add
more, according to LinkedIn profiles, job postings and two
industry executives, as the search firm expands its program to
design the guts of its devices internally.
  
"
"Zero-fee funds, the influence of Google and Amazon, and smart beta strategies are all hot topics as the ETF industry meets in Florida this week."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"More than 100 major companies including Apple and Amazon are renewing their push for immigration reform as another government shutdown looms."
"Apple iPhone shipments sunk 19.9 percent during the fourth quarter of 2018, Apple's fiscal Q1, according to IDC."
"Apple Inc iPhone sales in China
fell 20 percent year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2018,
while sales for smartphones made by home-grown rival Huawei
soared by 23 percent, data from industry research firm IDC
showed on Monday.
  
"
"The top 1-percent?and even more specifically the top 0.1-percent, \"aren't paying their fair share,\" says Hughes, an advocate for wealth equality."
"Tesla Inc shareholder T. Rowe
Price Group Inc had a 5.2 percent stake in the electric
car maker as of end-December, roughly half its earlier stake, a
regulatory filing https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/80255/000008025519001855/tsla13gadec18.htm
showed on Monday.
  
"
"Reddit wants to take digital ad market share away from Facebook and Google."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"T. Rowe Price halved its stake in Tesla during the fourth quarter, according to a government filing."
"Imran Khan's new retail venture, Verishop, takes direct aim at Amazon."
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
has signed an agreement to buy eero, a startup company that
makes home routers, to help customers better connect smart home
devices.
  
"
"A U.S. judge on Monday
rejected a bid by two civil rights groups that had sought to
force the release of documents describing a secret U.S.
government effort to compel Facebook Inc to decrypt voice
conversations between users on its Messenger app.
  
"
"ively on Amazon?s video streaming service Prime Video
	Global Release: March 2019..."
"Announced in October, you can finally buy the Surface Studio 2 ? though its components are a generation behind."
"Ailing Apple supplier Japan
Display Inc will receive up to 80 billion yen ($723
million) in a bailout from a group of Chinese and Taiwanese
investors, Kyodo news agency reported.
  
"
"* SAID ON MONDAY IT HAD SIGNED MULTI-YEAR CONTRACT WITH
AMAZON
PRIME VIDEO
  
"
"A U.K. government report published Tuesday said a regulator should ensure tech firms like Facebook, Google and Apple are taking steps to help users identify trustworthy, reliable news on their platforms."
"Amazon is entering the business for home routers by buying Eero, a start-up that competes with Google."
"According to Zillow, the 1,540-square-foot house located at 10704 NE 28th St. is listed for just nearly $1.5 million. It features three bedrooms,1.75 baths and a hot tub on the back porch. It was last sold in 2009 for $620,000."
"Robert Vadra's outburst in a Facebook post came just before he and his mother Maureen appeared before the Enforcement Directorate in Jaipur"
"Rivian Automotive is developing a pickup truck and a sport utility vehicle and, according to Jonas, is one of the larger startups focused on complete electric vehicles in terms of headcount."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla has built up a global network of charging stations, which Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas pointed to as a possible \"competitive moat\" for the company compared to other electric vehicle makers."
"Indian activists have petitioned
a parliamentary panel to summon the heads of U.S. tech firms
including Facebook and Alphabet Inc's Google
and question them on issues ranging from tax compliance to data
privacy.
  
"
"Citigroup details three scenarios that investors may have to grapple with depending on how the trade talks progress this month."
"India's antitrust commission is looking into accusations that Google  abuses its Android mobile operating system to block its rivals, four sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters."
"Europe's second-highest court
will rule on Thursday whether a Belgian tax break which
benefited some 35 large companies is illegal state aid, a
judgment which could provide clues to other tax cases involving
Apple, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler.
  
"
"Several publications are resisting Apple
Inc's plans to keep about half of the revenue from its
upcoming news subscription service, the Wall Street Journal
reported on Tuesday, citing the iPhone maker's pitch to some
news organizations.
  
"
"Several prominent French journalists have been suspended and another could lose his job over their participation in a secret Facebook group that encouraged the online harassment of women."
"Amazon.com Inc and General
Motors Co are in talks to invest in Rivian Automotive LLC
in a deal that would value the U.S. electric pickup truck
manufacturer at between $1 billion and $2 billion, people
familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc and General
Motors Co are in talks to invest in Rivian Automotive LLC
in a deal that would value the U.S. electric pickup truck
manufacturer at between $1 billion and $2 billion, people
familiar with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday.
  
"
"California is bracing for its wettest storm of the winter as the \"Pineapple Express\" is set to dump up to 8 inches (20 cm) of rain and 8 feet (2.44 m) of snow on areas of the state, raising risks of flooding and mudslides, meteorologists said.
  
"
"Japan's government plans to set up
a new watchdog to scrutinise big tech companies like Facebook
and Google amid growing concerns about monopoly
practices and the handling of personal data.
  
"
"A Pacific storm system known as the \"Pineapple Express\" threatened to dump up to 8 inches (20 cm) of rain and 8 feet (2.44 m) of snow on areas of California, raising risks of flooding and mudslides, meteorologists said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Sean Parker, founding president of Facebook, worries more data privacy with Amazon than Facebook."
"Gov. Gavin Newsom on Tuesday proposed \"a new data dividend\" that could potentially allow California consumers to get paid for their digital data."
"Amazon and General Motors are in talks to invest in Rivian Automotive LLC in a deal that would value the U.S. electric pickup truck manufacturer at between $1 billion and $2 billion, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday."
"Apple's health team made a rare public appearance at its Union Square Apple Store in San Francisco on Monday evening. The primary topic of the discussion was heart health."
"Amazon reported record profits in 2018, thanks to increasing revenue from Amazon Web Services, advertising and the third-party marketplace."
"The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on Wednesday filed a lawsuit accusing a former lawyer
at Apple Inc of insider trading ahead of the iPhone
maker's quarterly earnings announcements.
  
"
"A former senior lawyer at Apple Inc
was accused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on Wednesday of insider trading ahead of the iPhone
maker's quarterly earnings announcements.
  
"
"Microsoft President Brad
Smith met Pope Francis on Wednesday to discuss the ethical use
of artificial intelligence and ways to bridge the digital divide
between rich and poor nations, the Vatican said.
  
"
"Cities that were shunned in
Amazon.com Inc's search for a secondary corporate
headquarters are revisiting their bids in case one of the actual
winners, New York City, rejects the corporate giant due to
opposition from local politicians.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Wednesday it would spend more than $13 billion on data centers
and offices in the United States this year.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Wednesday it would spend more than $13 billion on data centers
and offices in the United States this year.
  
"
"Apple Inc sharply
increased its testing of self-driving cars in 2018, logging tens
of thousands of miles compared with only hundreds of miles the
year before, according to data released Wednesday by the
California Department of Motor Vehicles.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis and Alexandria Sage in San
Francisco, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
  
"
"The former top corporate lawyer at Apple
Inc was criminally charged by the U.S. Department of
Justice on Wednesday with insider trading ahead of six of the
iPhone maker's quarterly earnings announcements.
  
"
"Apple Inc logged
tens of thousands of miles testing self-driving cars in 2018, up
sharply from just hundreds of miles the year before, according
to data released Wednesday by the California Department of Motor
Vehicles.
  
"
"EU countries and lawmakers have
agreed to reform the bloc's copyright rules aimed at ensuring a
level playing field between big online companies such as Google
and publishers, broadcasters and artists, lawmaker
Julia Reda said on Wednesday.
  
"
"The European Union is set to
rewrite its two decades-old copyright rules to ensure a level
playing field between its creative industries and tech giants
such as Google and Facebook, after striking a
deal on the issue on Wednesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc has
sharply increased its efforts to test self-driving cars on
public roads but lags far behind market leader Waymo on a key
safety metric, according to data released on Wednesday by the
California Department of Motor Vehicles.
  
"
"The former top corporate lawyer at Apple
Inc was criminally charged by the U.S. Department of
Justice on Wednesday with insider trading ahead of six of the
iPhone maker's quarterly earnings announcements.
  
"
"The European Union is set to
rewrite its two decades-old copyright rules to ensure a level
playing field between its creative industries and tech giants
such as Google and Facebook, after striking a
deal on the issue on Wednesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc is targeting an April
event to introduce a streaming television service that will
likely include subscription TV services from CBS Corp,
Viacom Inc and Lions Gate Entertainment Corp's
Starz among others as well as its own original content, sources
familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.
  
"
"The European Union is set to
rewrite its two decades-old copyright rules to ensure a level
playing field between its creative industries and tech giants
such as Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc,
after striking a deal on the issue on Wednesday.
  
"
"The European Union is set to
rewrite its two-decades-old copyright rules which will force
Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc to share
revenue with the creative industries and remove
copyright-protected content on YouTube or Instagram.
  
"
NA
"Software pirates have
hijacked technology designed by Apple Inc to distribute
hacked versions of Spotify, Angry Birds, Pokemon Go, Minecraft
and other popular apps on iPhones, Reuters has found.
  
"
"Elon Musk's Tesla Inc on
Wednesday launched a safety feature called \"sentry mode\" for its
electric cars, as it attempts to make its vehicles more
attractive to buyers.
  
"
"Software pirates have
hijacked technology designed by Apple Inc to distribute
hacked versions of Spotify, Angry Birds, Pokemon Go, Minecraft
and other popular apps on iPhones, Reuters has found.
  
"
"Japan Display Inc said on
Thursday it expects to post its fifth straight year of net
losses, with a late shift to organic light-emitting diode (OLED)
screens and slowing iPhone sales costing it orders from Apple
Inc, its biggest client.
  
"
"* Says in talks with multiple investors
(Adds comments on talks with investors, background)
  
"
"Apple Inc said Thursday that it
will resume selling older iPhone models in its stores in Germany
after they were banned last year, but only with chips from
Qualcomm Inc, which is in a global legal battle against
the Cupertino company.
  
"
"EU countries, the European
Commission and EU lawmakers clinched a deal late Wednesday to
curb the powers of companies such as Google and Apple
Inc with new rules.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it
has removed a number of pages and accounts that engaged in
\"coordinated inauthentic behavior\" targeting people in Moldova,
where elections will be held later this month.
  
"
"A Belgian tax break which
benefited about 35 large companies is legal, an EU court said on
Thursday, giving a boost to Apple and other companies
challenging similar findings by the European Commission.
  
"
"The worst of the rain, snow, and winds carried by the so-called Pineapple Express, a river of warm air loaded with moisture, will hit California on Thursday and stick around at least through Friday, forecasters said.
  
"
"Austria's competition authority
has initiated an investigation into whether Amazon is
exploiting its market dominance in relation with other retailers
that use its website as a marketplace, it said on Thursday.
  
"
"Austria's competition authority
has initiated an investigation against Amazon on
suspicion that it had violated Austrian and European antitrust
law, it said on Thursday.
  
"
"Illicit software distributors such as TutuApp, Panda Helper, AppValley and TweakBox have found ways to use digital certificates to get access to a program Apple introduced to let corporations distribute business apps to their employees without going through Apple?s tightly controlled App Store."
"Amazon has secured
central London retail space for its checkout-free Amazon Go food
stores concept, The Grocer reported, in what would be the
company's first expansion of its automated convenience shops
outside the United States.
  
"
"* Vendors' revenues grow twice as fast as Amazon's in EU
(Adds Amazon statement, quote from the regulator, background)
  
"
"* Online platforms will have to tell companies ranking
criteria
  
"
"Software pirates have made pirated versions of legitimate apps, like Spotify, Reuters found."
"As Amazon enjoyed record profits and cash balances last year, it turned to one of the safest and lowest-risk investments: Government debt."
"The highly profitable pickup truck market is the next to be revolutionized by electric vehicles, Morgan Stanley told investors in a note on Thursday."
"Apple said Thursday that it will resume selling older iPhone models in its stores in Germany."
"Apple Inc said Thursday that it
will resume selling older iPhone models in its stores in
Germany, where they were banned last year due to a patent
infringement ruling.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said it has
removed a number of pages and accounts engaged in \"inauthentic
behaviour\" targeting people in Moldova, where elections will be
held later this month.
  
"
"The worst of the rain, snow, and winds
carried by the so-called Pineapple Express, a river of warm air
loaded with moisture, will hit California on Thursday and stick
around at least through Friday, forecasters said.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said Thursday it
will not move forward with plans to build a headquarters in New
York after rising opposition from local politicians.
  
"
"Amazon announced Thursday it will not build its headquarters in New York following local opposition."
"Amazon.com Inc said Thursday it
will not move forward with plans to build a headquarters in New
York after rising opposition from local politicians.
  
"
"Auto leasing and financing
company Xcelerate said on Thursday it has launched the first
U.S. third-party extended warranties for electric vehicles,
including those of market leader Tesla Inc, filling a
void for used vehicles that have so far lacked such coverage.
  
"
"* Europe worried about manipulation in May polls
(Adds details and wider EU context)
  
"
"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio criticized
Amazon.com Inc for walking away from a plan to
establish a headquarters in the city in the face of political
opposition, saying the company \"threw away\" an opportunity and
failed to work with the community.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc will not move
forward with plans to build a headquarters in New York after
rising opposition from local politicians, the third
most-valuable public U.S. company said in on Thursday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc abruptly scrapped
plans to build a headquarters in New York after opposition from
local politicians and some of its would-be neighbors, the third
most-valuable public U.S. company said on Thursday.
  
"
"Tesla officially introduced a new feature on Thursday called \"Dog Mode\" that aims to keep owners' pets comfortable while left unattended in the vehicle."
"Amazon.com Inc abruptly scrapped
plans for a new headquarters in New York that could have created
25,000 jobs, blaming opposition from local leaders upset by the
nearly $3 billion in incentives promised by state and city
politicians.
  
"
"Prominent hedge fund managers
sold out of Chinese technology stocks and dumped Silicon Valley
giants like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc while
global stock markets cratered during the fourth quarter,
according to securities filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"Amazon will instead fill the positions in cities throughout the country."
"Facebook security monitors users who have made aggressive comments, as well as former employees, through a \"be on lookout\" or \"BOLO\" list. It can use its apps and web sites to track the location of these people as it deems necessary."
"The congresswoman says New Yorkers \"defeated Amazon's corporate greed, its worker exploitation and the power of the richest man in the world.\""
"Jim McCann grew 1-800-Flowers.com from one flower shop in 1976 to $1.2 billion in annual revenue in 2018. Watch this video to see how McCann used technology and product diversity to grow his company into the Amazon of flowers."
"Amazon is ditching its plans to build a new headquarters in New York after facing backlash from members of the community."
"
    ON Nov 13, 2018, Amazon announced that New York would become one of two locations for the company's second North American headquarters, ending a competition that had involved more than 200 places, including cities as diverse as Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Newark and Austin, Texas."
"Amazon.com Inc
abruptly scrapped plans to build a major outpost in New York
that could have created 25,000 jobs, blaming opposition from
local leaders upset by the nearly $3 billion in incentives
promised by state and city politicians.
  
"
"Billionaire investor Stanley
Druckenmiller bet against electric carmaker Tesla Inc
during the fourth quarter, wagering that its share price will
fall, according to quarterly filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc's
decision on Thursday to scrap its proposal to locate a second
headquarters in the Queens borough of New York City ignited a
sea of dueling reactions on Twitter, with some calling it a
victory for working people while others said it meant that fewer
people would work.
  
"
"Prominent hedge fund managers
sold out of Chinese technology stocks and dumped Silicon Valley
giants like Apple Inc and Facebook Inc while
global stock markets cratered during the fourth quarter,
according to securities filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"U.S. Representative Alexandria
Ocasio-Cortez wasted no time on Thursday in calling Amazon's
decision to scrap plans to build a major New York outpost with
nearly $3 billion in city and state incentives a big victory for
progressive politicians.
  
"
"Prominent hedge fund managers
sold out of Chinese technology stocks and dumped Silicon Valley
majors such as Apple Inc and Facebook Inc while
global stock markets cratered during the fourth quarter,
according to securities filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"The U.S. government and
Facebook Inc are negotiating a settlement over the
company's privacy lapses that could require the online social
network to pay a multibillion-dollar fine, the Washington Post
reported on Thursday.
  
"
"Prominent hedge fund managers
sold out of Chinese technology stocks and dumped Silicon Valley
majors such as Apple Inc and Facebook Inc while
global stock markets cratered during the fourth quarter,
according to securities filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook and the Federal Trade Commission are reportedly negotiating what could be a multibillion-dollar fine following the company's 2018 Cambridge Analytica scandal."
"More than a year of work to bring
Amazon.com Inc's headquarters and tens of thousands of
jobs to New York City ended on Thursday with a couple of phone
calls.
  
"
"'For some of us who have been compliant all along, this gives us an opportunity to consolidate the business while rivals are otherwise busy,' says Vijay Shekhar Sharma"
"Germany's finance ministry is
looking into the possibility of a 15 percent special tax on
online advertising revenue collected by foreign internet
companies such as Google or Facebook from
German operators, Wirtschaftswoche magazine reported on Friday.
  
"
"Describing Thursday's strike on a CRPF convoy in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama by Pakistan-based terror group Jaish-e-Mohammed, in which 40 soldiers of the force were killed, an attack on the \"unity, integrity and sovereignty\" of India, he said time has come to merge Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) with India."
"More than a year of work to bring
Amazon.com Inc's headquarters and tens of thousands of
jobs to New York City ended on Thursday with a couple of phone
calls.
  
"
"Billionaire investor Stanley
Druckenmiller bet against electric carmaker Tesla Inc
during the fourth quarter, wagering that its share price will
fall, according to quarterly filings released on Thursday.
  
"
"More than a year of work to bring
Amazon.com Inc's headquarters and tens of thousands of
jobs to New York City ended on Thursday with a couple of phone
calls.
  
"
"Amazon spent nearly a year fielding proposals for its HQ2, and apparently deliberated up to the last minute whether to continue with the plans."
"Michigan-based Rivian, which aims to market electric pickups and sport utility vehicles, has secured new funding from Amazon and existing shareholders."
"Berkshire Hathaway decreased its stake in Apple by nearly 3 million shares, to 249.5 million, in the fourth quarter, but Warren Buffett reportedly had nothing to do with the selling."
"Apple acquired AI marketing startup DataTiger, according to Bloomberg."
"State Sen. Michael Gianaris defends his opposition to Amazon's now-scuttled plan for a New York City headquarters."
"Amazon aims to compete with FedEx and UPS as its own logistics and shipping company. That's what analysts told CNBC after Amazon Air recently expanded to 50 planes and announced a $1.5 billion air hub opening in northern Kentucky in 2021."
"U.S. electric pickup truck maker Rivian
Automotive LLC on Friday announced an equity investment of $700
million, led by Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"U.S. electric pickup truck manufacturer
Rivian Automotive LLC on Friday announced an equity investment
round of $700 million, led by Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"Walmart is set to report earnings for the holiday quarter before the bell Tuesday."
"Amazon.com Inc
said on Friday it would lead a $700 million investment
in U.S. electric pickup truck startup Rivian Automotive LLC, in
the e-commerce giant's biggest bet on technologies with
potential to reshape the automotive sector.
  
"
"A strategist told CNBC Friday that Apple needed to acquire a leading production studio to boost its services business with original content."
"\"Amazon coming, I think, was a great thing,\" says Ryan Serhant. \"All they wanted to do was bring jobs.\""
"Lynn Redden, former superintendent of the Onalaska school district, posted on comment on the Houston Chronicle's Facebook page after a Houston Texans loss to the Tennessee Titans that \"...you can't count on a black quarterback.\" The Titans' quarterback, Deshaun Watson, is black.
  
"
"?SKAM Austin? unfolds in real time on social media, just like the lives of its teenage characters and fans.
  
"
"But a visit to an Idaho school district by Ivanka Trump and Apple CEO Tim Cook to tout STEM initiatives prompted a small protest about the overuse of technology.
   
"
"Amazon's decision to walk away and take with it 25,000 promised jobs could scare off other companies"
"Rivian Automotive LLC has now raised about $1.15 billion"
"Amazon.com Inc
said on Friday it would lead a $700 million investment
in U.S. electric pickup truck startup Rivian Automotive LLC, in
the e-commerce giant's biggest bet on technologies with
potential to reshape the automotive sector.
  
"
"Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that AWS is now the primary cloud computing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence provider of Clippers CourtVision, the live, augmented game-watching platform created by the Los Angeles (L.A.) Clippers and Second Spectrum, the official video tracking technology provider for the NBA."
"A senior Amazon.com Inc
executive on Friday disputed claims raised by
Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez that Amazon workers face
\"dehumanizing conditions\" as being untrue and invited her to
take a tour of company facilities.
  
"
"When it comes to luring business to New York, the city may take a hit after Amazon announced its exit, says Kathryn Wylde, CEO of Partnership for New York City."
"It's mostly thanks to friendly corporate tax rates and a mix of credits and deductions."
"Judy Faulkner is not going to sell her company Epic Systems to Apple anytime soon. \"We're not going to do that,\" she said at a conference this week."
"Since it was announced that Toys R Us would no longer be a major player in Hasbro's distribution plans, the company has been introducing new strategies to right its sales."
"The Rivian deal comes as its much larger electric car manufacturing rival, Tesla, struggles to stabilize production and deliver consistent profits as it ramps up its mass market Model 3 sedan."
"Apple said at the beginning of the year that it will see lower sales than earlier expected due to slowing iPhone sales and challenges in China."
"Following a complaint by Vishwa Hindu Parishad office bearer Girish Bharadwaj, a case was registered here Friday against Abid Malik under relevant sections of the IPC and the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, 1967, for a post he wrote on Facebook. The youth allegedly shared some images posted by a news channel after the attack and captioned it 'The real surgical attack' on his FB page, police said."
"Apple just brought on a new leader for its home unit."
"A fire broke out at Tesla's car plant in Fremont on Saturday, but is now contained and won't impact production."
"Since Bezos announced his divorce in early January, the company's shares have declined 2.9 percent, missing Wall Street's early 2019 rally."
"Are tech titans about to enter the world of ETFs? One financial expert says it's \"inevitable.\""
"Google is the biggest corporate buyer of renewable energy in the world, and now the technology giant is building its first solar power project in Asia, directly above fishing ponds in Taiwan."
"Last year, Microsoft bought GitHub, IBM bought Red Hat, Adobe bought Marketo and Broadcom bought CA, while the consumer companies were quiet."
"Facebook and other big
tech companies should be subject to a compulsory code of ethics
to tackle the spread of fake news, the abuse of users' data and
the bullying of smaller firms, British lawmakers said on Monday.
  
"
"New Zealand said on Monday
that it plans to update its laws so it can tax revenue earned by
multinational digital firms such as Google, Facebook and Amazon,
extending a global effort to bring global tech giants into the
tax net.
  
"
"Apple's iPhone is highly expensive compared to comparable products sold in China."
"New Zealand said on Monday that it plans to update its laws so it can tax revenue earned by multinational digital firms such as Google, Facebook and Amazon, extending a global effort to bring global tech giants into the tax net."
"Facebook is \"open to
meaningful regulation\", it said on Monday after British
lawmakers said that big technology  companies should be subject
to a compulsory code of ethics to tackle the spread of fake news
and abuse of users' data.
  
"
"A new report published by U.K. lawmakers Monday after an 18-month investigation found Facebook \"intentionally and knowingly\" violated data privacy and anti-competition laws."
"Lawmakers' 18-month investigation into disinformation and 'fake news' also accused Facebook of failing to faithfully fight Russia's alleged attempts to influence elections"
"* Lawmakers highly critical of Facebook's Zuckerberg
(Adds Facebook response)
  
"
NA
"aves home to board the ship Destiny, trying to gamble his way out of debt in a game of chance;
	
		Hello Mr. Billionaire(2018) ? Given seemingly the dream job, this comedy follows one man who must spend a billion dollars in 30 days to win 30 billion, the catch is he can?t own anything at the end of the 30 days;
	
		Go Away Mr. Tumour(2015) ? Based on the cult classic Chinese comic series by Xiong Dun, the story chronicles the darkest hours of a cancer patients treatment, adding humour and optimism to a seemingly bleak time of life.


Free screenings are available as long as cinema capacity permits, to register for tickets head to https://www.eventcinemas.com.au/EventsFestivals/ChineseFilmWeek
Well known for outstanding offerings to world cinema, the Chinese film industry has a much to offer Australian audiences. The Sydney Chinese Cultural Centre strives to build cultural ties between China and Australia through a common love of the arts.
FESTIVAL DETAILS:WHAT:Chinese Film Week 2019WHEN:27 February ? 3 March 2019WEBSITE: https://www.eventcinemas.com.au/EventsFestivals/ChineseFilmWeek       FACEBOOK: ChineseFilmWeek       INSTAGRAM: ChineseFilmWeekAus
FILM SCHEDULE
27/02/2019: 6:30PM: event opening + screening Lost, Found
	28/02/2019: 7:00PM: screening The Wasted Times
	01/03/2019: 7:00PM: screening Brotherhood of Blade
	02/03/2019: 3:30PM: screening Detective Chinatown 2
	02/03/2019: 6:30PM: screening Animal World
	03/03/2019: 3:30PM: screening Hello Mr. Billionaire
	03/03/2019: 6:30PM: screening Go Away Mr. Tumor
..."
"Top Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo outlined the products he thinks Apple will launch in 2019."
"Entrepreneur John Shea leads a class that makes it easy to get started with the popular affiliate marketing program.
       
"
"Facebook Inc
said on Thursday it had disrupted an attempt to influence voters
in Moldova, increasing concerns that EU elections in May could
be prey to malign activity.
  
"
"Amazon announced plans Monday to make half of all its shipments carbon neutral by 2030."
"Researchers warn that they now know less about what is happening on Facebook and how the company's recommendations are funneling people to fringe communities and misinformation."
"Three online video channels designed to appeal to millennials have collected tens of millions of views on Facebook since September. But the pages pushing the videos do not disclose that they are backed by the Russian government."
"The Flipkart mobile bonanza sale is currently live and would continue until February 23. Find out the deals on smartphones from Samsung, Apple, Xiaomi, Asus, and more"
"\"It is evident that Facebook intentionally and knowingly violated both data privacy and anti-competition laws,\" the report states. It also accuses CEO Mark Zuckerberg of showing contempt for the U.K. Parliament by declining numerous invitations to appear before the committee"
"Amazon, which ships millions of packages a year to shopper's doorsteps, says it wants to be greener."
"Google said that it did not find any evidence that Google Images was ranking the Pakistani flag in response to search keywords 'toilet paper'. The spokesperson added that many news outlets wrote about an old screenshot from a meme website that was inconsistent with Google's UI (users interface) and dated back to 2017."
"Wacom updates its Pro Pen stylus for a thinner feel that may be familiar to iPad Pro creators."
"In addition to making big investments in grocery, Walmart has been focused on adding more products ? like celebrity-inspired apparel and high-end camping gear ? to its website to compete with Amazon."
"Amazon.com Inc's Chinese joint
venture is in talks for a merger with local e-commerce firm
Kaola, which sells imported products in the Asian country,
business magazine Caijing reported https://tech.sina.cn/i/gn/2019-02-19/detail-ihrfqzka7167698.d.html?from=wap
on Tuesday.
  
"
"Wacom is releasing a thinner version of its Pro Pen stylus, which may feel familiar to iPad Pro owners ? but it's not available everywhere."
"Apple has made several moves in recent months to boost offerings outside the iPhone, such as artificial intelligence and health."
"\"If there's any stone unturned, we're going to work on it,\" Yann LeCun, Facebook's chief AI scientist told the Financial Times."
"A survey from EnergySage says Tesla's Powerwall batteries are in short supply among solar panel installers in the United States."
"Amazon.com Inc's Chinese joint
venture is in talks about a merger with local e-commerce firm
Kaola, which sells imported products in the Asian country,
business magazine Caijing reported https://tech.sina.cn/i/gn/2019-02-19/detail-ihrfqzka7167698.d.html?from=wap
on Tuesday.
  
"
"Yoga was the reason Jawaharlal Nehru and Narendra Modi became prime minister, the yoga guru claimed, noting that Congress president Rahul Gandhi is also a yoga enthusiast. The yoga-guru-turned-entrepreneur said politicians should embrace the ancient way of exercise to remain stress-free."
"Amazon is reportedly planning to debut about 30 original movies per year with budgets ranging from a few million dollars to over $50 million."
"Open beta is now available to all SoundCloud Pro subscribers"
"Facebook is not
currently in EU regulators' crosshairs but it may well be in
future because of the crucial role played by data, Europe's
antitrust chief said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said https://cloud.google.com/blog/topics/inside-google-cloud/google-announces-intent-to-acquire-alooma-to-simplify-cloud-migration
on Tuesday it will buy data migration company Alooma, as part
of efforts to catch up with bigger cloud service rivals
Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp.
  
"
"Walmart's latest earnings report shows the largest bricks-and-mortar retailer in the world is making progress in building out its website, despite Amazon's looming presence."
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.11 pct, S&P 0.22 pct, Nasdaq 0.32 pct
(Updates to early afternoon, adds comments)
  
"
"Hedge funds loaded up on tech stocks at their fourth-quarter bottom, just in time to cash in on the double-digit rebound."
"Tesla will have the technology to pick up passengers and drive them to destinations by the end of the year, said CEO Elon Musk said on a podcast with an investor."
"Job posting suggest that Microsoft is looking to make GitHub an easier option for its software engineers to use."
"Amazon changed the way it accounts for its physical store footprint, causing its total square footage to decline despite rapid expansion."
"Elon Musk says bitcoin is interesting, but Tesla's not getting involved."
"Elon Musk's Tesla Inc is
preparing to launch its leasing products for Model 3, news
website Electrek said on Tuesday, citing an email sent to
employees.
  
"
"Elon Musk's Tesla Inc is
preparing to launch its leasing products for Model 3 to boost
demand, news website Electrek said on Tuesday, citing an email
sent to employees.
  
"
"Qualcomm Inc is urging U.S.
trade regulators to reverse a judge's ruling and ban the import
of some Apple Inc iPhones in a long-running patent
fight between the two companies.
  
"
"Firms surveyed by Microsoft and IDC say they are willing to invest and retrain workers with skills required for artificial intelligence, but many lack time and an understanding of where to start."
"Microsoft Corp on Wednesday said
it will offer its cyber security service AccountGuard to 12 new
markets in Europe including Germany, France and Spain, to close
security gaps and protect customers in political space from
hacking.
  
"
"In a blog post, Microsoft said hackers targeted 104 accounts belonging to organization employees located in Belgium, France, Germany, Poland, Romania, and Serbia."
"The duo of Carney and John Petkovic (Death of Samantha, Sweet Apple) release ?Not of This World?"
"Microsoft Corp on Wednesday said
it had discovered hacking targeting democratic institutions,
think tanks and non-profit organizations in Europe and plans to
offer a cyber security service to several countries to close
security gaps.
  
"
"Tesla is preparing to launch its leasing products for Model 3, news website Electrek said on Tuesday, citing an email sent to employees."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Walmart has handily outperformed rival Amazon over the last six months. Oppenheimer's Ari Wald and Chantico Global's Gina Sanchez argue there's a bullish case for both stocks."
"Microsoft Corp on Wednesday said
it had discovered hacking targeting democratic institutions,
think tanks and non-profit organizations in Europe and plans to
offer a cyber security service to several countries to close
security gaps.
  
"
"Amazon is one of many technology and logistics companies with a \"megafleet\" of vehicles and Morgan Stanley thinks the e-commerce giant's goal of carbon neutrality will take \"EVs to the next level.\""
"Samsung's new One UI interface may be the clean break from Android the giant has always wanted."
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday its
general counsel Dane Butswinkas is leaving the electric carmaker
just two months after it hired him.
  
"
"Tesla is \"quite possibly going to get bought out\" by a large tech player like Apple, according to one fund manager."
"The incident raises questions about the effectiveness of an SEC fraud settlement and attempts to reign in Musk's online antics."
"European Union countries on
Wednesday endorsed an overhaul of the bloc's copyright rules
which would force Google and Facebook Inc to
pay publishers for news snippets and filter out
copyright-protected content on YouTube or Instagram.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday its
general counsel Dane Butswinkas is leaving the electric carmaker
just two months into the job, the latest in a string of
top-level departures at the company.
  
"
"Tesla is experiencing the same kind of skepticism that Amazon faced in its early days, says ARK Invest chief Cathie Wood."
"Walmart's online presence is growing fast but has a long way to catch Amazon."
"The numbers are a boon for Amazon's growing advertising segment, which offers a third stream of revenue for the company apart from its e-commerce and cloud businesses."
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday its
general counsel Dane Butswinkas is leaving the electric carmaker
just two months into the job, the latest in a string of
top-level departures at the company.
  
"
"Zuckerberg seemed to forget his company makes a connected camera designed for the living room."
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Wednesday it had made an \"error\" in not disclosing that its Nest
Secure home security system had a built-in microphone in its
devices.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Wednesday said
it had discovered cyber attacks directed at democratic
institutions, think tanks and non-profit organizations in Europe
and would offer a cyber security service to several countries to
close security gaps.
  
"
"Tesla's executive exodus continued on Wednesday with the departure of general counsel Dane Butswinkas."
"Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
on Wednesday said it will release a pricey folding
smart phone in April, with specially adapted applications from
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc designed for the
new device.
  
"
"Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
on Wednesday said it will release a pricey folding
smart phone in April, with specially adapted applications from
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc designed for the
new device.
  
"
"The move is a familiar black eye for Google-owned YouTube, which frequently battles content moderation challenges."
"Karl Brauer of Cox Automotive told CNBC he suspects Elon Musk is misleading people about how far along Tesla is in self-driving technology."
"A security bug is allowing users to
bypass new privacy controls introduced by Facebook-owned
messaging service WhatsApp on iPhones this month, the service
said on Wednesday after users posted about the problem on social
media.
  
"
"Apple is no longer the No. 1 innovative company in the world, according to the latest ranking by Fast Company. The new list for 2019 is now out ? and has non-U.S. companies in the top two spots."
"
    BUSINESSES are calling for the government to shed more light on the required criteria to bring in foreign workers with \"specialised skills that are in demand globally\" as they continue to grapple with talent gaps."
"Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
on Wednesday unveiled a nearly $2,000 folding
smartphone in a bid to top the technology of Apple Inc
and Chinese rivals and reignite consumer interest in a massive
consumer electronics category that had its worst sales ever last
year.
  
"
"Samsung just announced its Galaxy S10 family of phones but it is making the same mistakes as Apple."
"Samsung Electronics
Co Ltd on Wednesday unveiled a nearly $2,000 folding
smartphone in a bid to top the technology of Apple Inc
and Chinese rivals and reignite consumer interest amid slumping
sales.
  
"
"The Samsung flagship goes on sale just a few months after Apple's revamped competitor, so which is better?"
"Tesla said in a prepared statement that General Counsel Dane Butswinkas (But-SWIN-kiss) will return to a legal practice in Washington, D.C.He'll continue to work for Tesla as outside counsel."
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Wednesday it had made an \"error\" in not disclosing that its Nest
Secure home security system had a built-in microphone in its
devices.
  
"
"Google has a new cloud
computing boss and big ambitions to someday produce more revenue
from that business than from advertising.
  
"
"Several public banks are now focusing on agriculture infrastructure credit, like warehouses and cold storages, while the growth in KCC loans remains muted"
"Research released by Gartner shows China's Huawei is gaining ground over major rivals like Samsung and Apple."
"Google has a new cloud
computing boss and big ambitions to someday produce more revenue
from that business than from advertising.
  
"
"Alphabet's Google said it had made an \"error\" in not disclosing that its Nest Secure home security system had a built-in microphone in its devices."
"The meeting comes after Zuckerberg declined multiple invitations to visit U.K. Parliament to face questions from lawmakers."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Samsung's new foldable phone represents a \"potential challenge\" for Apple, Goldman Sachs warned clients Wednesday."
"A $129.99 winter coat by Chinese fashion label Orolay has become a number one best-seller on Amazon, becoming so popular it is now known as the \"Amazon coat,\" after going viral on social media."
"Goldman Sachs Group Inc has teamed
up with Apple Inc to issue credit cards that will be
paired with iPhones and will help users manage their money, the
Wall Street Journal reported https://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-goldman-sachs-team-up-on-credit-card-paired-with-iphone-11550750400
on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Google has a new cloud
computing boss and big ambitions to someday produce more revenue
from that business than from advertising.
  
"
"The majority of S&P 500 companies that were concerned about the Jeff Bezos-led e-commerce giant in late 2017 are beating the broader market."
"Amazon's senior health leader, Taha Kass-Hout, talks up the company's advances in artificial intelligence."
"In an effort to boost falling sales in the region, Apple introduced two-year financing to Alipay users who buy their products."
"A long-speculated vehicle to
be developed by Apple may turn out to be an electric
van rather than a car, a German magazine reported on Thursday.
  
"
"For both companies, the card represents a step into new territory. Apple is seeking to combat slowing sales of its iconic hardware, while Goldman wants to expand further into the realm of consumer finance."
"At an aerospace luncheon in New York City on Wednesday, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos gave several key insights into his passion project Blue Origin, rather than his day job."
"Award-winning American columnist and author Thomas Friedman has warned Indians about the possible meddling of Russia in the upcoming elections through unregulated media like Facebook, exactly the way they did to the detriment of the US in the 2016 presidential polls."
"A new report, based in part on the reviews of thousands of vehicle owners, raises questions about the reliability of Tesla's Model 3."
"The political pressure that sunk Amazon's New York City deal was borne out of a lack of understanding of the benefits, says billionaire William Rudin."
"The joint health-care venture between Amazon, J.P. Morgan and Berkshire Hathaway is primarily focused on simplifying health insurance, according to newly released court testimony from Chief Operating Officer Jack Stoddard."
"Consumer Reports on Thursday
pulled a recommendation for Tesla Inc's Model 3, citing
reliability problems, and the influential U.S. magazine turned
up the pressure on other automakers to include crash-avoiding
automatic braking as standard equipment.
  
"
"Some Tesla customers say the company left them stressed and stranded, waiting months to be paid back for returned cars or canceled reservations."
"The agenda of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on IT for the March 6 meeting is to hear these companies' views on safeguarding citizens' rights on social/online news media platforms"
"Consumer Reports on Thursday
pulled a recommendation for Tesla Inc's Model 3, citing
reliability problems, and the influential U.S. magazine turned
up the pressure on other automakers to include crash-avoiding
automatic braking as standard equipment.
  
"
"The e-commerce marketplace JOOM,
whose mobile shopping app sells products from China at cut-rate
prices directly to buyers, is recruiting French brands to
bolster its merchant roster in a market it sees as key to
cracking Europe and taking on Amazon.
  
"
"
    AMAZON'S decision on Feb 14 to cancel its plans in New York City was actually the second time that New York missed its chance to host the technology company's headquarters. The first time was in 1994, and what happened then gives an idea of what might happen next."
"Two Democratic U.S.
senators called for the Federal Trade Commission to act on a
complaint filed by consumer groups against Facebook on
Thursday that alleged the company scammed children into spending
money on its platform.
  
"
"Two Democratic U.S.
senators called for the Federal Trade Commission to act on a
complaint filed by consumer groups against Facebook Inc
on Thursday that alleged the company scammed children into
spending money on its platform.
  
"
"The Google Doodle on Friday celebrated the life and legacy of wildlife conservationist and television personality Steve Irwin, who worked at the Australia Zoo and was popular for his TV series 'The Crocodile Hunter'. Steve along with his wife Terri spent their honeymoon capturing crocs, and the footage they shot became the first episode of The Crocodile Hunter?."
"According to Microsoft's new report, there will be a major shortage of these skills by 2021."
"Tesla Inc on Friday
said it had started delivering Model 3 cars in China, slightly
ahead of schedule.
  
"
"Apple Inc has teamed
up with Chinese payments giant Ant Financial Services Group
and several local banks to offer interest-free
financing, its first such move in the country as it looks to
boost waning smartphone sales.
  
"
"* Tesla had expected to start Model 3 China deliveries in
March
  
"
"Facebook's new effort to bring
outside experts into its content review process promises to be
complicated and possibly contentious, if discussions this week
at a meeting in Singapore are any indication.
  
"
"Tesla announced Friday it is beginning delivery of the Model 3 in China, at least a week earlier than expected."
"* Tesla had expected to start Model 3 China deliveries in
March
  
"
"An Indian parliamentary panel has
summoned representatives of Facebook Inc, its messaging
services WhatsApp and photo-sharing app Instagram to appear
before it early next month and discuss how to safeguard
citizens' rights on social media.
  
"
"Amazon is reportedly in talks to merge its China unit with a local e-commerce firm, but one expert said any deal is likely to be \"too little too late\" for the American e-commerce giant's ambitions in Asia's largest economy."
"The e-commerce marketplace JOOM,
whose mobile shopping app sells products from China at cut-rate
prices directly to buyers, is recruiting French brands to
bolster its merchant roster in a market it sees as key to
cracking Europe and taking on Amazon.
  
"
"Social media in the world's largest democracy have become a hotbed for circulation of fake political news and tech firms face intense scrutiny ahead of a general election due before May, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi will seek a second term."
"Manager Magazin, citing multiple unnamed sources, said that prototypes painted in black and silver had been seen."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk acts in an \"almost unethical\" way said the outgoing CEO of the largest auto dealer chain in the United States."
"Kraft is Berkshire's sixth-largest holding behind Apple, a few banks and Coca-Cola."
"The move is a boon for Amazon as it faces a tall task in disrupting the traditionally walled garden that is the U.S. shipping industry."
"Exxon Mobil Corp and Microsoft
Corp have agreed to use cloud technology in the U.S.
oil producer's shale operations, they said on Friday, helping to
boost profitability in the nation's largest shale field.
  
"
"Penn Medicine shows that patients search for health-related terms three times more than normal a week before an emergency room visit."
"The national Olympic body stared at the possibility of international isolation, while the cricket administrators grappled and remained non-committal on whether to play a match which is over three months away."
"Also stream releases from Thom Yorke, IAMDDB, Gunna, more"
"Exxon Mobil Corp and Microsoft
Corp have agreed to use cloud technology in the U.S.
oil producer's shale operations, they said on Friday, helping to
boost profitability in the nation's largest shale field.
  
"
"Turns out, the billionaire Microsoft co-founder is \"supercool.\""
"Several apps share highly sensitive data with Facebook even if users do not have a Facebook account, testing by The Wall Street Journal found."
"A federal judge on Friday
declined to block a UnitedHealth Group Inc unit's former
executive from working at a new healthcare venture launched by
Amazon.com Inc, Berkshire Hathaway Inc and
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
  
"
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
on Friday ordered two state agencies to investigate a report
that Facebook Inc may be accessing far more personal
information from smartphone users, including health and other
sensitive data, than had previously been known.
  
"
"Intel Corp executives said on
Friday its modem chips will not appear in mobile phones until
2020, raising the possibility its biggest customer, Apple Inc
, will be more than a year behind rivals in delivering a
device that uses the faster networks.
  
"
"Intel Corp executives said on
Friday its 5G modem chips will not appear in mobile phones until
2020, raising the possibility its biggest customer, Apple Inc
, will be more than a year behind rivals in delivering a
device that uses the faster networks.
  
"
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
on Friday ordered two state agencies to investigate a media
report that Facebook Inc may be accessing far more
personal information from smartphone users, including health and
other sensitive data, than had previously been known.
  
"
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
on Friday ordered two state agencies to investigate a media
report that Facebook Inc may be accessing far more
personal information from smartphone users, including health and
other sensitive data, than had previously been known.
  
"
"Several Microsoft Corp
employees on Friday demanded that the company cancel a
$480 million hardware contract with the U.S. Army and stop
developing \"any and all weapons technologies.\"
  
"
"The open letter comes days before Microsoft is expected to unveil HoloLens 2, an upgraded version of its augmented reality headset, at an event Sunday."
"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
on Friday ordered two state agencies to investigate a media
report that Facebook Inc may be accessing far more
personal information than previously known from smartphone
users, including health and other sensitive data.
  
"
"Several Microsoft Corp
employees on Friday demanded that the company cancel a
$480 million hardware contract with the U.S. Army and stop
developing \"any and all weapons technologies.\"
  
"
"Some Microsoft Corp
employees on Friday demanded that the company cancel a
$480 million hardware contract to supply  the U.S. Army, with 94
workers signing a petition calling on the company to stop
developing \"any and all weapons technologies.\"
  
"
"The duo has been making rounds of Hanoi, taking pictures with curious onlookers ahead of the second summit of the two leaders next week. However, on late Friday, a Kim lookalike, the Hong Kong-based impersonator who uses the name Howard X, posted on Facebook that about 15 police or immigration officers demanded a mandatory \"interview\" with them following a talk they gave at the state-run VTC station."
"Tesla and its competitors in the electric vehicle market dominate debate over the future of cars and recharging networks, but there's another kind of green transportation making inroads, based on the planet's most abundant resource: hydrogen."
"Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is betting on companies like Apple, Goldman Sachs and American Express for the long run."
"Sometimes users send in letters to Apple, including to its CEO Tim Cook."
"Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos said in a March 2018 meeting that it's wrong for other companies to be so fearful of his company's outsize presence. In fact, many companies that mentioned Amazon as a competitor on earnings calls are doing very well."
"My name is being highlighted to divert attention from the real issues of the country, Robert Vadra, the brother-in-law of Congress president Rahul Gandhi, said in a Facebook post on Sunday. Vadra, who was recently questioned by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection to a land grab case, argued that the perception of the people around him is \"gradually\" changing."
NA
"Samsung, which leads the market ahead of Huawei and Apple, launched a 5G phone on Wednesday which it said would be available in early summer, with a $1,980 starting price"
"Microsoft is applying its Kinect brand to a new camera that can perform artificial-intelligence processing in a variety of environments."
"Microsoft unveiled HoloLens 2, an upgraded version of its mixed-reality headset, on Sunday at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona."
"ExxonMobil is turning to Microsoft's cloud technology to help it safely capitalize on America's fast-moving shale oil boom."
"Microsoft unveiled
the latest version of its HoloLens augmented reality headset on
Sunday, promising wearers would feel more immersed in the
augmented reality experience and more comfortable.
  
"
"When Kevin Chiu
left his job in 2012 to try his luck at starting an online
apparel business in a rural Chinese city, his main goal was to
carve out more time to spend with his wife and newborn child.
  
"
"Two bodies have been recovered from the
wreckage of an Amazon Prime Air cargo plane that nosedived into
a bay outside Houston on Saturday, authorities said.
  
"
"The National Transportation Safety Board is looking for clues in the cause of the crash of Atlas Air Flight 3591, operating for Amazon, which crashed into a marshy area of a bay near Houston on Saturday, killing all three aboard."
"Two bodies have been recovered from the
wreckage of an Amazon Prime Air cargo plane that nosedived into
a bay outside Houston on Saturday, and a search was ongoing for
a third victim, authorities said.
  
"
"Modi government proposed the Bharatiya Shiksha Board to ensure standardisation of 'Indian traditional knowledge"
"New Delhi published new draft policies that called for data to be stored locally and for the setting up of more data centers and server farms within India."
"The hybrid vs electric vehicle debate is currently a raging topic in the automobile industry."
"Eberhard is now a co-founder of yet another start-up, Tiveni, which is working on power storage systems that will power not only electric vehicles, but also other energy products"
"Qualcomm Inc on Monday announced
5G networking chips for a range of applications beyond smart
phones, aiming to bolster a business that has lost Apple Inc
as a major customer and faces unprecedented levels of
competition.
  
"
"Regulators in several countries now propose a range of interventions to curb the power of digital platforms"
"When Kevin Chiu
left his job in 2012 to try his luck at starting an online
apparel business in a rural Chinese city, his main goal was to
carve out more time to spend with his wife and newborn child.
  
"
"Renowned billionaire investor Warren Buffett said Monday that he's not buying Apple shares, but would if they continued to cheapen."
"Target is making some changes to its marketplace for third-party sellers online."
"Microsoft launches its new mixed reality headset with double the field view - but its vision for creative applications could be bigger."
"Britain's competition regulator
cannot take a decision on whether to investigate Facebook's
role in advertising and data until it has better clarity
on the timing of Brexit and how to work with the European Union,
its CEO said.
  
"
"Major banks are still not ready
for a 'no-deal' Brexit as they grapple with delays in licences
for new European Union businesses, staffing problems and snags
in redrafting contracts.
  
"
"It's a case of David vs. Goliath with Amazon trailing Etsy and Wayfair this year, but traders are split on which will stand victorious."
"Facebook moderators also say they've begun to believe conspiracy theories they watch as part of their jobs, according to The Verge."
"Samsung's new Galaxy S10 has a feature called wireless power share that Apple should copy for its next iPhones."
"Google and Verily teamed up to develop a screening tool for conditions that can cause preventible eye disease in adults."
"Microsoft's MWC appearance was all about business uses of its new hardware, but it also served as an opportunity to play up Microsoft's increasing openness and its cloud."
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
named former PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Officer Indra
Nooyi as a director of the company and appointed her to the
audit committee of the board.
  
"
"Amazon named former Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi to its board of directors and its audit commitee."
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
appointed former PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Officer
Indra Nooyi as a director, the second woman to be named to the
board this month as part of the e-commerce giant's efforts to
increase diversity.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Monday it
appointed former PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Officer
Indra Nooyi as a director, making her the second woman to be
named to the e-commerce giant's board this month.
  
"
"Online retailer Amazon
will create more than 1,000 apprenticeship roles in Britain over
the next two years, it said on Tuesday, indicating the country's
imminent departure from the European Union is not deterring it
from investing.
  
"
"The SEC cited an \"inaccurate\" tweet about production. Musk tweeted ? then revised ? projections for full-year Tesla manufacturing."
"Apple's rivals have co-opted the company's strategy of trying to squeeze more cash out of stagnating unit sales, pushing the price of some phones well above what many people would pay for a laptop"
"Indra Nooyi has been awarded 549 shares of Amazon's common stock as part of the appointment process"
"Nooyi, who stepped down as CEO of Pepsico in October last year, is the second women of colour to be added on the Amazon's board of directors. Early this month, Starbucks executive Rosalind Brewer joined the Amazon board."
"Google has asked Sherburne County and the city of Becker for property tax breaks that would save the company up to $15 million, Minnesota Public Radio News reported"
"The commission sued Musk and Tesla last year over a Twitter post in which he said he had ?funding secured? to take the company private at $420 a share."
"Priced at Rs 12,995, the device measures both the total volatile organic compound (TVOC) and particulate matter in the air"
"\"To do these three things well and not have hubris is what I think you need in leaders,\" Nadella said Monday."
"The single-seater has a retail price of just $15,500."
"Facebook says Robinson posted content that \"uses dehumanizing language and calls for violence targeted at Muslims.\""
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk lashed out at the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday, one day after the agency asked a judge to hold him in contempt for allegedly violating the terms of a deal made last year."
"Apple Music is coming to Google Home speakers, yet again showing that Apple is putting a new focus on getting its services in front of as many people as possible."
"While shares of Tesla will remain under pressure, analysts expect Elon Musk to remain in the top spot."
"Elon Musk goes after the SEC \"as if it's funny,\" CNBC's Jim Cramer says."
"Websites such as Twitch, YouTube and Microsoft's Mixer are capitalizing on livestreaming by integrating another form of popular media: video games. Twitch is now leading the competition when it comes to livestreaming gaming and esports."
"Kroger is looking to an outside advertising agency to help oversee its its marketing efforts. The move comes as competition heats up from Walmart, Amazon and others."
"Facebook Inc on Tuesday
launched new advertising options for its premium video content
to attract marketers hoping to buy ad spots in a similar manner
to traditional television networks.
  
"
"Maxwell makes components for electric batteries using a process that is significantly cheaper than those commonly used in the industry."
"Macy's Inc on Tuesday said it would
eliminate 100 senior  executive positions in a restructuring
designed to cut costs and improve profitability, in the face of
competition from  Amazon.com Inc and other online
sellers.
  
"
"Leon Cooperman, a billionaire investor and the founder of Omega Advisors, is worried the U.S. may be steering too far left."
"Walmart Inc will
consolidate advertising sales for its stores and websites, it
said on Tuesday, aiming to boost profits from an untapped
business as the world's largest retailer competes with marketing
titans Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's Google
and Facebook Inc.
  
"
"Facebook CFO David Wehner on Tuesday said Facebook will launch its long-awaited clear history feature later this year."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk is in conflict with the SEC again after the agency alleges he violated his settlement deal. Three experts share what they think could be next for the automaker."
"Facebook Inc will
introduce a tool allowing users to clear their browsing history
this year, which will affect the company's ability to target
advertisements, Chief Financial Officer David Wehner told an
investment conference on Tuesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk criticized the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on Tuesday, after it accused him of violating the
terms of a settlement last year of fraud charges against him.
    In a filing on Monday, the SEC said that in a tweet on Feb.
19 Musk had broken a promise made last year to have his public
statements vetted by the company's board, part of the deal.

     
    The following is a snaps
  
"
"The Federal Trade Commission,
under pressure to keep closer tabs on big tech companies like
Alphabet's Google and Facebook, said on Tuesday
it would create a task force to monitor the sector and
investigate anticompetitive conduct.
  
"
"China is backing an international effort to make a one-stop data shop"
"The Federal Trade Commission,
under pressure to keep closer tabs on big tech companies such as
Alphabet's Google and Facebook, said on Tuesday
it would create a task force to monitor the sector and
investigate anticompetitive conduct.
  
"
"Generic drugmaker Mylan NV on
Tuesday reported lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit and
forecast 2019 earnings well below Wall Street estimates, as it
grapples with significant problems at its Morgantown, West
Virginia, plant.
  
"
"Generic drugmaker Mylan NV on
Tuesday reported lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit and
forecast 2019 earnings well below Wall Street estimates, as it
grapples with significant problems at its Morgantown, West
Virginia, plant.
  
"
"Bezos of Amazon tops the list for the second consecutive year with networth of USD 147 billion."
"Amazon.com Inc, Comcast
Corp and Electronic Arts Inc submitted initial
bids for the holding firm of South Korea's biggest gaming firm
Nexon, Maeil Business Newspaper said on Wednesday,
citing investment banking sources.
  
"
"The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Monday accused him of violating the terms of a court endorsed deal between him and the regulatory agency stating that he should avoid sending any tweet that could affect the price of Tesla shares."
"Spotify launched its music
streaming service in India on Wednesday, stepping into a market
crowded by local players including JioSaavn, Gaana, Amazon Music
and Airtel's Wynk.
  
"
"Volvo Cars' luxury performance
brand Polestar unveiled online its first fully electric sedan on
Wednesday, with a price and driving range to rival Tesla's
mass market Model 3.
  
"
"Tesla to pay $920 million to bondholders on Friday"
"If Tesla's stock was much higher, the company could convert debt to equity and pay back lenders that way."
"Elon Musk's renewed feud with the SEC after another errant tweet raises concern over the Tesla board's ability to control the company's strong-willed and unpredictable CEO."
"Lasso, a new social app by Facebook, has failed to gain ground on competitor TikTok since launching in early November."
"Volvo Cars' luxury performance
brand Polestar unveiled its first fully electric sedan on
Wednesday, opening up online pre-orders for the five-seater
fastback at a price and with a driving range to rival Tesla's
mass market Model 3.
  
"
"Volkswagen said on
Wednesday it had struck a deal with Microsoft to
cooperate on cloud computing in China and the United States, as
part of its drive to offer connected vehicle services across the
globe.
  
"
"After working for Facebook for six years, Threads CEO Rousseau Kazi is now competing directly against his former employer."
"State-owned energy company
Petroperu will start repairing its ruptured pipeline in the
Peruvian Amazon on Wednesday, after the government struck a deal
with an indigenous community that had blocked such work for
nearly three months, the government said.
  
"
"Spotify, the world's most
popular paid music streaming service, launched in India on
Tuesday, stepping into a price-sensitive market crowded by
well-funded local players like JioSaavn and Apple Music.
  
"
"Silicon Valley billionaire Elon Musk
changed his Twitter display name to \"Elon Tusk\" in another
late-night flurry of tweets on Wednesday, which also promised
news from his electric carmaker Tesla Inc later this
week.
  
"
"Spotify, the world's most
popular paid music streaming service, launched in India on
Tuesday, stepping into a price-sensitive market crowded by
well-funded local players like JioSaavn and Apple Music.
  
"
"Fans in India will be able to watch Sunday's El Clasico between Real Madrid and Barcelona live and free on Facebook Watch, the social media giant's streaming platform, La Liga has said.
  
"
"Amazon's Nader Kabbani, who's been at the company since 2005, is running its new pharmacy initiative."
"Amazon is scaling back its expansion in Seattle by seeking tenants for the 30 floors of office space it leased at Rainier Square, GeekWire reported."
"Silicon Valley billionaire Elon Musk
changed his Twitter display name to \"Elon Tusk\" in another
late-night flurry of tweets between Tuesday evening and
Wednesday morning, which also promised news from his electric
carmaker Tesla Inc later this week.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk changed his Twitter display name to \"Elon
Tusk\" and promised news from his electric carmaker later this
week in another late-night flurry of tweets between Tuesday
evening and Wednesday morning.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc, Comcast
Corp and Electronic Arts Inc submitted initial
bids for the holding firm of South Korea's biggest gaming firm
Nexon, Maeil Business Newspaper said on Wednesday,
citing investment banking sources.
  
"
"A senior Reliance executive says that any data sharing on customers between the two, could run into a legal wall"
"Apple Inc said on Wednesday it
plans to lay off 190 employees in its self-driving car program,
Project Titan.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Wednesday it
plans to lay off 190 employees in its self-driving car program,
Project Titan.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Wednesday it
planned to lay off 190 employees in its self-driving car
program, Project Titan, changes that provide a rare window into
the automotive technologies the company has been pursuing.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Wednesday it
planned to lay off 190 employees in its self-driving car
program, Project Titan, changes that provide a rare window into
the automotive technologies the company has been pursuing.
  
"
"A report from equity research firm JL Warren Capital says that Tesla is lining up around $2 billion in loans from Chinese banks to build out its Shanghai Gigafactory."
"* Nexon soars after report Amazon and others submit bids for
its
holding firm
  
"
"In a series of tweets to his 25 million followers following charges from the US Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this week, Elon Musk accused the regulator of failing to read Tesla's annual reports and said its oversight was \"broken\"."
"* Nexon soars after report Amazon and others submit bids for
its
holding firm
  
"
"On a busy
day, contract employees in India monitoring nudity and
pornography on Facebook and Instagram will each view 2,000 posts
in an eight-hour shift, or almost four a minute.
  
"
"Ireland's Data Protection
Commissioner, Facebook's lead regulator in the European
Union, expects to conclude the first of seven investigations
into the company's use of personal data this summer and the
remainder by the end of the year, its head said on Thursday.
  
"
"Here's the calls of the day that we're watching:"
"Facebook's lead regulator
in the European Union expects to conclude the first of seven
investigations into the company's use of personal data this
summer and the remainder by the end of the year, Ireland's Data
Protection Commissioner said on Thursday.
  
"
"Google, Facebook
and Twitter have fallen short of their pledges
to combat fake news, three months before key European elections,
the European Commission said on Thursday.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Amazon's arrival in Robbinsville helped residents benefit from three consecutive years of tax reductions ? something that rarely happens in a high-tax burden state like NJ. The uproar over Amazon and Queens also stirred memories of an earlier development battle in Brooklyn."
"Last week, General Motors quietly pulled the plug on the Volt, ending its production run at one of the three North American assembly plants it plans to shutter this year."
"Through Project Zero, Amazon will allow brands to use its self-service counterfeit removal tool to delete knock-off products."
"Facebook is keeping its cryptocurrency plans under wraps, even to other company employees, according to a New York Times report."
"CNBC's Todd Haselton shows you how to get the most out of Siri on your iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and HomePod using Siri Shortcuts."
"Six Google employees on
Thursday joined U.S. lawmakers to support bills that would ban
mandatory arbitration in employment and consumer contracts, as
the workers seek to build on recent success in getting the
Alphabet Inc company to drop some arbitration
provisions.
  
"
"Workplace, Facebook's social network offering for enterprises, now has 2 million paid users, the company announced on Thursday."
"Amazon has reportedly hired GM's outgoing executive vice president of global manufacturing, Alicia Boler Davis."
"Devises ways to take help from Uber, Amazon, Flipkart staff"
"To build anticipation for its planned announcement at 5 pm ET, Tesla is redirecting users on its website to a page that says \"The wait is almost over. Great things are launching at 2pm.\""
"Tesla Inc halted https://www.tesla.com/soon
orders for all its cars on its website on Thursday, ahead of a
scheduled announcement from the electric carmaker's Chief
Executive Officer Elon Musk.
  
"
"
    Toast to Orchard Road?s past at Orchard Hotel Singapore?s freshly rejuvenated Bar Intermezzo. Extending beyond its leafy, botanical-influenced decor is a line of creative cocktails that pay tribute to the cash crop plantations growing everything from pineapples to nutmeg that dotted Orchard Road in the 19th century."
"Tesla is shifting sales worldwide to online only"
"March on into the month with some good entertainment."
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday it would offer a $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan
with a delivery time of two to four weeks, nearly two years
after the company originally promised the car at that price.
  
"
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday it would offer a $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan
with a delivery time of two to four weeks, while closing many of
its retail stores worldwide.
  
"
"He based his expectations on one-time charges and other financial commitments, and added that he does expect the company to be profitable in the second quarter."
"New York's governor is trying to win back Amazon by making calls to executives including Jeff Bezos, according to The New York Times."
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday it would offer a $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan
with a delivery time of two to four weeks, while closing many of
its retail stores worldwide, steps designed to increase demand
and cut overhead costs for the electric vehicle maker.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday it would offer a $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan
with a delivery time of two to four weeks, while closing many of
its retail stores worldwide, steps designed to increase demand
and cut overhead costs for the electric vehicle maker.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday it would not be profitable in the first quarter, as it
offered for the first time a $35,000 version of its Model 3
sedan and said its global sales would now be online-only, steps
designed to increase demand and cut overhead costs for the
electric vehicle maker.
  
"
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk sent an email to employees on Thursday night explaining the company's decision to reduce headcount in its sales and marketing divisions."
"In a series of tweets to his 25 million followers following charges from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this week, Musk accused the regulator of failing to read Tesla's annual reports and said its oversight was \"broken\"."
"The company announced the change Thursday and said it's now taking orders for the $35,000 car, which CEO Elon Musk has said is essential to Tesla's survival"
"The internet outfits, including Facebook, Telegram and Signal, are planning to roll out new cryptocurrencies over the next year that are meant to allow users to send money to contacts on their messaging systems, like a Venmo or PayPal that can move across international borders."
"Tesla analysts were unimpressed by the company's Model 3 announcement."
"Around 40 union leaders, local officials and business owners asked Amazon to reconsider New York for its HQ2 in an open letter in the Times."
"Rising advertising costs means falling profits for the ecommerce advertisers.
       
"
"Tesla shares were down more than 5 percent on Friday, just a day after the electric car maker said it will be shuttering some stores and cutting jobs to reduce costs."
"A recent wave of store closure announcements will hit shopping malls across the U.S."
"\"Maybe if there weren't all these men running companies we would possibly have different results,\" says Alicia Glen, outgoing New York City deputy mayor for development."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Lyft has signed up to pay Amazon Web Services at least $80 million per year for the next three years, totaling at least $300 million."
"A highly anticipated announcement from Tesla has turned into a headache for its stock. Jim Cramer, a former General Motors executive and a Tesla analyst react to the moves."
"Amazon is planning to launch a new grocery brand with a lower price point than Whole Foods, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday."
"Will online reviews get more trustworthy?"
"The cheaper Model 3, store closures, and job cuts all appear to be signs Tesla is struggling to stay profitable."
"Apple Inc shareholders on
Friday defeated a shareholder proposal from a conservative group
that would have required the company to disclose the
\"ideological perspective\" of nominees for its board of
directors.
  
"
"This week?s top Science news"
"How much would it take for you to ditch Facebook for four weeks?"
"Lyft has been bulking up its staff to keep pace with Uber in the ride-hailing battle."
"Tesla pays $920 million convertible bond obligation in cash."
"Elon Musk isn't being held accountable for his \"mistruths,\" and the Tesla CEO should list his company's shares in Germany where regulations are loose, short-seller Carson Block says."
"Tesla Inc has paid off a $920
million convertible bond obligation in cash, a company
spokesperson said on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Friday that
it filed a lawsuit along with Instagram in U.S. federal court
against four companies and three people based in the People's
Republic of China for promoting the sale of fake accounts, likes
and followers.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
sudden decision to shutter the bulk of its stores around the
world raises a red flag over the future of its solar branch, a
declining business it paid $2.6 billion for in a controversial
2016 deal.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
sudden decision to shutter the bulk of its stores around the
world raises a red flag over the future of its solar branch, a
declining business it paid $2.6 billion for in a controversial
2016 deal.
  
"
NA
"Tesla Inc's
sudden decision to shutter the bulk of its stores around the
world raises a red flag over the future of its solar branch, a
declining business it paid $2.6 billion for in a controversial
2016 deal.
  
"
"The National Transportation
Safety Board (NTSB) said late on Friday it is sending a team to
investigate Friday's fatal crash between a Tesla Inc
car and a commercial vehicle in Florida.
  
"
"In collaboration with its Britain-based Artificial Intelligence (AI) subsidiary DeepMind, Google has developed a system to predict wind power output 36 hours ahead of actual generation."
"The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) and the National Transportation
Safety Board (NTSB) said they are sending teams to investigate a
fatal crash in Florida on Friday involving a Tesla Inc
car and a semi-trailer.
  
"
"The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) and the National Transportation
Safety Board (NTSB) said they are sending teams to investigate a
fatal crash in Florida on Friday involving a Tesla Inc
car and a semi-trailer.
  
"
"The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said they are sending teams to investigate a fatal crash in Florida on Friday involving a Tesla car and a semi-trailer."
"Submit your short film, feature film or music video to the International Thai Film Festival 2019 (ITFF2019)!
Submit your production via FilmFreeway:https://filmfreeway.com/thaifilmfest
Submit your production via FestHome:https://filmmakers.festhome.com/f/3906
Submit your production via Withoutabox:https://www.withoutabox.com/03film/03t_fin/03t_fin_fest_01over.php?festival_id=17485
ITFF Website: www.thaifilmfestival.com
ITFF Facebook Page: www.facebook.com/thaifilmfest"
"British firefighters said they
had brought a serious fire at a Tesla showroom in
southern England under control hours after it broke out on
Saturday morning.
  
"
"It's becoming clear that Amazon could have avoided all the negative publicity from HQ2 if it had just run the bidding process quietly, instead of spinning up a year-long media cycle, according to public relations experts."
"British firefighters said they
had brought a serious fire at a Tesla showroom in
southern England under control hours after it broke out on
Saturday morning.
  
"
"Microsoft Excel now has image recognition technology that can make it easy to take a photo of a spreadsheet on paper and turn the data into digital format."
"Ordering on Moda requires shoppers to put down a deposit, since the item is being made just for them"
"The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) said Saturday is investigating a
fatal Tesla Inc Model S crash in Davie, Florida that killed the
driver and suffered a major fire, the second fatal crash this
week the agency is probing.
  
"
"The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration (NHTSA) said it is investigating a fatal
Tesla Inc Model S crash in Davie, Florida last Sunday that
killed the driver and resulted in a massive vehicle fire, the
second fatal crash this week the agency is probing.
  
"
"U.S. authorities are
investigating a fatal Tesla Inc Model S crash in Florida last
Sunday that killed the driver and caused a massive fire, the
second fatal Tesla crash in the state this week being probed,
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) said
on Saturday.
  
"
"Apple's expected to introduce new iPads this month, so here are the ones you shouldn't buy right now and the iPads that are perfectly OK to buy."
"Cable TV is dying, but the eventual killer won't be Netflix or Amazon ? it will be the cable companies themselves."
"Tesla will unveil its Model Y SUV on March 14, Elon Musk said in a series of tweets Sunday that could exacerbate tensions with the Securities and Exchange Commission over the CEO's use of social media."
"Tesla Inc will unveil its Model
Y on March 14 at an event in LA Design Studio, Chief Executive
Elon Musk said on Sunday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
sudden decision to shutter the bulk of its stores around the
world raises a red flag over the future of its solar branch, a
declining business it paid $2.6 billion for in a controversial
2016 deal.
  
"
"A three percent tax on the French revenue of large internet companies could yield $568.3 million per year, France's finance minister says."
"Alphabet Inc's Google
has rejected calls by Australia's competition regulator for
tougher scrutiny of its operations, denying that it enjoys
market power in online searches and advertising, documents
published on Monday showed.
  
"
"Qualcomm Inc on Monday kicks
off a patent challenge to Apple Inc, capping off a
two-year legal strategy to put pressure on the iPhone maker
before a major antitrust lawsuit between the two goes to trial
in April.
  
"
"Here are the analyst calls we are watching"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Facebook won't let users opt-out of a feature that allows them to be searched by phone numbers provided for two-factor authentication."
"Investors should prioritize Amazon's profit over year-over-year revenue growth, according to Evercore ISI."
"Jefferies analyst Philippe Houchois says Tesla is doing things \"that other carmakers are only just thinking about or dreaming about.\""
NA
"Tesla plans to unveil its Model Y crossover on March 14, just weeks after it cut prices on its other vehicles. Shares fell as investors worry if demand is falling."
"At Ochsner in Louisiana, expecting mothers get wireless weight scales and connected blood pressure cuffs to monitor them remotely."
"A new internal analysis at Google found that some male software engineers were under-compensated compared to their peers doing similar work."
"A FREE BROADCAST OPPORTUNITY FOR YOUR TRAILER:
Metro gives those who enter our Festival the option for free promotion on our TV Channels. If you like, we'll stream your Trailer or Teaser on our Roku and Amazon Fire TV Channels. This is FREE PUBLICITY for your film/show to over 500,000 Subscribers on \"Connected TV.\" Check out a sample of our Connected TV-APPS on www.MoviesPlus.org

ADDITIONAL PUBLICITY:
Metro publicizes the Festival online through our Website, Social Networking, and to our audience of nearly 1 Million on our Android TV-App, CTV Channels, and \"OTT\" Smart TV.
Metro operates annual award events, seasonal contests, and monthly competitions. We started 5 years ago doing Facebook Short-Film Competitions. From these contests, we produced (2) Films that are compilations of our Winning Videos.
We did this to help filmmakers get more exposure. One of these films is our 60 minute \"ZombiePix\" movie, distributed by Vodo.net -- it's been downloaded about 15,000 times on Vodo, and streamed thousands of times on our TV-APPS. Our 2nd film is called \"Best of the Fest,\" a 30 minute movie composed of our Winning short films. Metro continues to broadcast that movie on our Roku Channel called \"Film Fest Best\" and our Fire TV channel \"Movies Plus TV.\"

SUCCESS STORY:
Alexander Pimentel, Director of \"Down River\" streamed his feature film on Metro's Connected TV Channel, \"Movies Plus\" on Amazon Fire TV. After 6 months and 70,000 downloads, Alex shared the news with a Venture capitalist who agreed to finance Alex's next feature film. Read the article at the following link.
Visit www.MetroFilmFestival.com for the 2019 Metro Film & TV Awards"
"It asks the panel to \"initiate necessary effective action before the general elections\""
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk said on Monday production of the $35,000
version of the electric carmaker's Model 3 will start this
month, but would not reach volume production until mid-year.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk said on Monday production of the $35,000
version of the electric carmaker's Model 3 will start this
month, but would not reach \"volume production\" until mid-year.
  
"
"Salesforce.com Inc forecast
current-quarter revenue and profit below analysts' estimates on
Monday, as the cloud software maker battles intensifying
competition from Oracle and Microsoft, sending its shares down 3
percent.
  
"
"Salesforce.com Inc forecast
current-quarter revenue and profit below analysts' estimates on
Monday, as the cloud software maker battles intensifying
competition from Oracle and Microsoft, sending its shares down 3
percent.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is
planning to ban political advertising on its platform before the
Canadian federal election as the nation's new transparency rules
would be very challenging to comply with, The Globe and Mail https://www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-google-to-ban-political-ads-ahead-of-federal-election-citing-new/?cmpid=rss&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
reported on Monday.
  
"
"The book is currently No. 9 in all books about politics and No. 1 in all books about \"Censorship,\" one slot ahead of Ray Bradbury's \"Farhenheit 451.\""
"Alphabet Inc's Google will ban
political advertising on its platform before the Canadian
federal election, after the country introduced stringent
transparency rules.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is
planning to ban political advertising on its platform before the
Canadian federal election as the nation's new transparency rules
would be very challenging to comply with, The Globe and Mail https://www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-google-to-ban-political-ads-ahead-of-federal-election-citing-new/?cmpid=rss&utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter
reported on Monday.
  
"
"Kasia Miaskiewicz, director at UBS Evolve, broke down the four-pronged approach for CNBC Make It."
"Chinese e-commerce company
JD.Com Inc has launched a store on Google Express, the
online shopping site owned by the search engine of Alphabet Inc
.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google will ban political advertising on its platform before the Canadian federal election after the country introduced stringent transparency rules."
"China's customs
authority has suspended customs clearance procedures for Model 3
cars built by Tesla Inc, the financial publication
Caixin reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"* Ports to step up inspections of other Tesla vehicles
(Adds details, background)
  
"
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street Tuesday"
"\"La Voiture Noire\" is priced at $12.5 million, which would buy about 300 Tesla Model 3s"
"The ARK Innovation ETF has blazed past the rest of the market this year. Its top holding is about to rip higher, says fund manager Cathie Wood."
"A German court has upheld an
attempt by Amazon to clamp down on paid reviews of
products on its site, according to a ruling made public on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Amazon's stock is up against a key resistance level as it faces a potential return to $2,000 a share."
"Alibaba has shuttered its consumer efforts in the U.S. to focus instead on capturing American businesses."
"Barclays cut its price target on shares of Tesla, saying recent strategic decisions by the company undercut the bull case for the stock."
"* Ports to step up inspections of other Tesla vehicles
(Adds Xinhua report, background on the factory, analyst
comments, shares)
  
"
"Kohl's Corp forecast full-year
profit above Wall Street estimates on Tuesday, as partnerships
with Amazon and a range of new brands attract more
shoppers.
  
"
"Apple's iPhone glass supplier Corning is testing flexible glass as Samsung and Huawei roll out their first foldable phones."
"Facebook, Twitter and foreign
investors need to do more to ensure they support human rights in
Myanmar, the U.N. Special Rapporteur Yanghee Lee said in a
report published on Tuesday.
  
"
"Facebook, Twitter and foreign
investors need to do more to ensure they support human rights in
Myanmar, the U.N. Special Rapporteur Yanghee Lee said in a
report published on Tuesday.
  
"
"Chinese customs authorities are allowing Tesla to import the company's Model 3 sedans into the country, after reports had said the vehicles were being held due to irregularities, Reuters reported Tuesday, citing sources familiar with the matter."
"* Ports to step up inspections of other Tesla vehicles
(Adds comment from source)
  
"
"E-commerce colossus Amazon founder Bezos, 55, remains the world's richest person, ahead of Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, as his riches swelled by $19 billion in one year and is now worth $131 billion, Forbes said. Ambani, 61, saw wealth soar from $40.1 billion in 2018 when he was placed 19th richest in the world, to $50 billion to be rank at 13th in 2019."
"* Ports to step up inspections of other Tesla vehicles
(Adds Tesla's response; updates shares)
  
"
"Tesla's announcement last week that it is moving sales fully online \"is a major event in U.S. auto retailing,\" Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said in a note to investors on Tuesday."
"The system would let customers pay for items with their smartphone using a QR code."
"Social media firms and foreign
investors must do more to ensure they support human rights in
Myanmar, U.N. Special Rapporteur Yanghee Lee said on Tuesday,
suggesting Facebook was failing to treat parties to the
country's conflict even-handedly.
  
"
"Musk is facing contempt of court allegations after he tweeted what the SEC claims was \"inaccurate\" information about Tesla's production."
"Tesla Inc's largest shareholder
expressed its support for Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk, but
acknowledged that it was open to a different role for the
electric carmaker's founder and CEO, Barron's reported on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Amazon would get 15 percent of increased tax revenue from hotels in the area under a new proposal."
"Silicon Valley's tech companies like Apple and Alphabet had an ally in FDA commissioner Scott Gottlieb."
NA
"One of the biggest challenges for educators is locating the ed-tech tool that fits their goals. Google for Education is stepping into this arena by developing a Chromebook App Hub.
The post Google Gears Up to Release ?Chromebook App Hub? for Education appeared first on Market Brief."
"E-commerce colossus Amazon founder Bezos, 55, remains the world's richest person, ahead of Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, as his riches swelled by USD 19 billion in one year and is now worth USD 131 billion, Forbes said."
"Dialog Semiconductor
said revenues would decline this year as it completes
the $600 million transfer of programmers and patents to iPhone
maker Apple, as it announced a 2 percent rise in
fourth-quarter operating profits.
  
"
"Chinese online retailers have
started discounting iPhones for the second time this year as
Apple Inc wrestles with a prolonged sales slowdown in
the world's largest smartphone market.
  
"
"* Operating profits 2 pct ahead in Q4 despite revenue
slowdown
  
"
"Facebook Inc has rejected
an Australian regulator's recommendation for greater scrutiny
over the social network's advertising market power and the
ranking of news articles in customers' feeds.
  
"
"Tesla's upcoming
vehicle assembly facility in Shanghai is expected to be
completed in May this year, a Shanghai city government official
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"* Operating profits 2 pct ahead in Q4 despite revenue
slowdown
  
"
"Senior official of Facebook appeared before the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information Technology headed by BJP MP Anurag Thakur and responded to concerns raised by the lawmakers over the possible misuse of social media to influence elections."
"* Operating profits 2 pct ahead in Q4 despite revenue
slowdown
  
"
"* Tesla facility is China's first wholly foreign-owned car
plant
  
"
"Dialog Semiconductor
is targeting growth opportunities ranging from home
health to gaming consoles following a $600 million deal to
reduce its exposure to Apple, CEO Jalal Bagherli told
Reuters in an interview.
  
"
"Taking to Twitter, the IAF clarified that Abhinandan doesn't own a social media account on any platform including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram."
"The French government on Wednesday introduced a tax aimed at internet giants like Google, Amazon and Facebook, forging ahead with stricter regulation on big tech without broad-based support from the European Union."
"Jeff Bezos and others have sunk more than $127 million into General Fusion, a start-up trying to commercialize fusion energy. Microsoft is partnering with the company. The goal: to provide energy to 1 billion people that don't have electricity."
"Google's investigation into a Saudi app that lets men track women found that it complies with the company's terms and conditions, a U.S. Representative's office told CNBC Wednesday."
"The Polestar 2 is priced to compete with the Tesla Model 3 sedan."
"San Francisco-based Fitbit Inc
launched its cheapest smartwatch on Wednesday in a bid to defend
its place in the wearable electronics market, as larger rivals
roll out devices aimed at helping users track their health.
  
"
"* Shares rally as outlook beats consensus
(Adds CEO interview)
  
"
"An Indian
parliamentary panel on Wednesday asked Facebook Inc to do
more to tackle so-called fake news on its platforms ahead of a
general election due by May, three sources with direct knowledge
of the matter said.
  
"
"Tesla has ambitious growth targets in China that make Morgan Stanley \"cautious,\" exemplified by recent trade issues, analyst Adam Jonas said in note to investors Wednesday."
"Fitbit Inc launched its cheapest
smartwatch on Wednesday to defend its position as the
second-largest seller of smartwatches after Apple Inc.
  
"
"As U.S.-China trade talks make slow progress, a few tech stocks could be on the verge of a major rally. Sarah Potter, author of \"How You Can Trade Like a Pro,\" shares how to trade Apple, Intel and Broadcom now."
"Electric carmaker Tesla
has committed to stop using fuel savings estimates to
advertise its Model 3 online, a German industry association set
up to prevent unfair competition practices said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday posted a 3,000 word note outlining a more privacy-focused future for the tech company."
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday said he believed secure
private messaging would become more popular than open platforms,
the latest sign that one of the companies that popularized
social networking sees its future in more intimate online
conversations.
  
"
"Amazon will close all of its 87 pop-up stores in the U.S. beginning next month, according to The Wall Street Journal."
"Amazon.com Inc is closing all
87 of its pop-up stores in the United States, the Wall Street
Journal reported on Wednesday, citing a company spokeswoman.
  
"
"Apple announced it will bring 1,200 employees to San Diego over three years as it reportedly tries to bring its modem engineering in-house."
"Some businesses told CNBC they decided to stop advertising with Facebook and Instagram due to the company's user data and privacy scandals."
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday said he believed secure
private messaging would become more popular than open platforms,
the latest sign that one of the companies that popularized
social networking sees its future in more intimate online
conversations.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc is closing all
87 of its pop-up stores in the United States, the Wall Street
Journal reported on Wednesday, citing a company spokeswoman.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc will close all
of its U.S. pop-up stores and focus instead on opening more book
stores, a company spokesperson said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Amazon, J.P. Morgan and Berkshire Hathaway last January announced they were teaming up to tackle rising health-care costs."
"CEOs including Apple's Tim Cook, Lockheed Martin's Marillyn Hewson and Craig Menear of The Home Depot were scheduled to attend the event."
"Amazon.com Inc,
Berkshire Hathaway Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co
on Wednesday said their joint healthcare company would be called
Haven and will focus on better primary care access, simpler
insurance benefits and more affordable prescription drugs for
their employees.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday said the company would
encrypt conversations on more of its messaging services and make
them compatible, the latest sign that the world's biggest social
network sees its future in intimate online chats.
  
"
"'La Voiture Noire' is priced at 11 million euros ($12.5 million), which would buy about 300 Tesla Model 3s"
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday said the company would
encrypt conversations on more of its messaging services and make
them compatible, the latest sign that the world's biggest social
network sees its future in intimate online chats.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg on Wednesday said the company would
encrypt conversations on more of its messaging services and make
them compatible, the latest sign that the world's biggest social
network sees its future in intimate online chats.
  
"
"The U.S. president referred incorrectly to Apple CEO Tim Cook during a workforce advisory meeting at the White House on Wednesday."
"Amazon.com Inc will close all
of its U.S. pop-up stores and focus instead on opening more book
stores, a company spokesperson said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief
Executive Mark Zuckerberg said on Wednesday the company would
encrypt conversations on more of its messaging services and make
them compatible, the latest sign that the world's biggest social
network sees its future in intimate online chats.
  
"
NA
"Google's Doodle marked the 97th birth anniversary of Russian mathematician Olga Ladyzhenskaya. She was known for her work on partial differential equations and in the field of fluid dynamics, which led to several developments in the study of fluid dynamics and paved the way for advances in weather forecasting, oceanography, aerodynamics, and cardiovascular science."
"State-owned Shanghai
Construction Group (SCG) will build the first phase
of U.S. electric carmaker Tesla's factory in Shanghai,
a news portal reported on Thursday.
  
"
"State-owned Shanghai Construction Group (SCG) will build the first phase of U.S. electric carmaker Tesla's factory in Shanghai, a news portal reported on Thursday."
"Mark Zuckerberg, co-founder and CEO, announced the shift in a Wednesday blog post apparently intended to blunt both criticism of the company's data handling and potential antitrust action. Going forward, he said, Facebook will emphasize giving people ways to communicate in truly private fashion, with their intimate thoughts and pictures shielded by encryption in ways that Facebook itself can't read."
"Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged that the public may be sceptical about Facebook's privacy push"
"The list put out by Facebook also shows that the top three advertisers are all pro-government pages, namely - Bharat Ke Mann Ki Baat, Nation with NaMo and MyGov India"
"Chinese electric vehicle start-up NIO has abandoned plans to build a manufacturing plant in Shanghai after net losses doubled to $1.4 billion last year."
"Xu Jiandong, a vice-president at SCG, was quoted by Shanghai Observer as saying that the company would fully cooperate with Tesla to achieve its objectives"
"The company has decided to change its stance after the smooth approval of Winstron Corporation's Rs 5,000-crore investment in a manufacturing facility in Karnataka"
"Facebook CEO says he is shifting his company's focus to messaging services designed to serve as fortresses of privacy"
"If Foxconn's Rs 2,500 crore plan gets approval, Xiaomi and Nokia will benefit too"
"Tesla debuts its V3 Supercharger technology and says 90 percent of Tesla drivers in China have access to its chargers today."
"Kroger Co's quarterly profit fell
as the supermarket chain spends heavily new technology and
delivery services to better compete with Walmart and
Amazon.
  
"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he hasn't fully worked out yet how the company will monetize its new strategy, though he is optimistic."
"Current and former Tesla employees say the company reduced headcount by at least another eight percent."
"Many of the world's biggest tech companies are turning to renewable sources of energy."
"Brazilian anthropologists are looking for members of an Amazon tribe that has had little or no contact with the outside world to steer them clear of a rival indigenous group and avoid a bloody clash of cudgels against arrows.
  
"
"The advertisements run for the ruling dispensation range from promotion of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his government policies to those of its leaders, including BJP president Amit Shah - all of which were not necessarily paid by the party but by its supporters."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
had removed 137 pages, groups and Instagram accounts in the
United Kingdom and a further 31 in Romania for engaging in
coordinated inauthentic behavior.
  
"
"Windows 10 is now on 800 million devices, up from 700 million in September."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
had removed 137 fake pages, groups and Instagram accounts in the
United Kingdom and a further 31 in Romania for engaging in hate
speech and making divisive comments.
  
"
"Apple CEO Tim Cook on Thursday changed the name listed on his Twitter profile to acknowledge the incorrect way that President Trump recently referred to him."
"Musk, who is also CEO of Tesla, refiled security form SF-86, the person said, following his apparent use of marijuana on a podcast last year, which the U.S. Air Force began looking into in September."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
had removed 137 fake pages, groups and Instagram accounts in the
United Kingdom and a further 31 in Romania for engaging in hate
speech and making divisive comments.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Thursday it
signed an agreement with lenders in China for a 12-month
facility of up to 3.5 billion yuan ($521 million) for the
electric carmaker's Gigafactory in Shanghai.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Thursday it
signed an agreement with lenders in China for a 12-month
facility of up to 3.5 billion yuan ($521.36 million) for its
Gigafactory in Shanghai.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Thursday it signed an agreement with lenders in China for a 12-month facility of up to 3.5 billion yuan ($521.36 million) for its Gigafactory in Shanghai."
"Mark Zuckerberg signalled a major shift at Facebook, but history shows he often fails to deliver on promises."
"Tesla Inc said on Thursday it
signed an agreement with lenders in China for a 12-month
facility of up to 3.5 billion yuan ($521 million) for the
electric carmaker's Gigafactory in Shanghai, and secured new
commitments from banks that could be used for investments in the
United States and elsewhere.
  
"
"Jim Cramer describes why investors can get a pulse of the market tracking companies like CVS, FedEx, and Facebook, among others."
"Stocks in Asia declined in morning trade on Friday on the back of an overnight slide in shares stateside, as investors grappled with fresh concerns over the state of the global economy."
NA
"The funding, announced on Thursday, is an important boost for the California-based firm, which has been in negotiations with Beijing for years over building the plant in the world's biggest electric car market"
"A state commerce and industries secretariat document last year showed Wistron planned to invest Rs 682 crore in the Kolar unit employing 6,000 people. Gaurav Gupta, principal secretary - commerce & industries, IT, biotech and S&T, said the Narasapura facility will commence operations in August."
"Tara Chklovski, the founder of nonprofit start-up Iridescent, was stunned into action after arriving in the U.S. from India to find gender inequality was rife."
"Facebook says one page in the U.K. was followed by about 175,000 users, while an Instagram account had gained 4,500 followers."
"From Denzel to westerns to Amazon Originals, we can help guide you through what's new to stream on Amazon Prime this month.
The post What?s New to Stream on Amazon Prime for March 2019 appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"A Vietnamese academic has been
expelled from the ruling Communist Party for posting comments on
Facebook deemed to be critical of the party, the government said
on Friday.
  
"
"The visibility and accessibility offered by e-commerce and tech giants comes at a price for global retailers."
"holl, Nicole Vgele and Alexander Kukelka (clockwise from the top left).

More information on the jury
Short list of the German Documentary Film Music Award 2019


	What is my #reality?
		Media Literacy Day on Social Media and Globalization


Social media plays a decisive role in the digital everyday life of young people. Through the documentary THE CLEANERS, students are introduced to the topics of online censorship and filter bubbles, at a pedagogically guided film screening.
The film follows so-called \"content moderators\" who delete images and videos on the Internet on behalf of Facebook and Co. We learn what global effects this selection can have. Ultimately, it is about nothing less than the question of how our reality is shaped. Based on the film, the young people will be sensitized to globalization issues and learn to recognize the effects of social media.
	A project class of the Munich Theodolinden-Gymnasium, which has been dealing with the topic in depth since March, under the guidance of an expert in digital education, will present the results of its work. Together with an interactive survey, in which the pupils participate live on site via smartphone, this forms the basis for a discussion about their own use of social media.
From year 10 and for interested teachersTuesday, 14th May 2019, 08.30 to 11.45 a.m.
	HFF University of Television and Film Munich
	admission 3,00 ?, registration: education@dokfest-muenchen.de


..."
"Reliance's plans to diversify into e-commerce and expand in fashion come on the heels of India's new foreign investment curbs."
"The poem says India had to send its warplanes across the border as someone had crossed all the limits. The poem says the enemies of the country won't be able to sleep as we have given them a shock. The poem is composed by Bipin Allahabadi. Earlier, the Army had tweeted a poem which said power is essential for peace, composed by famous Hindi poet Ramdhari Singh Dinkar."
"Rio Tinto is in talks to move into the next phase of an agreement with Apple, Chief Executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques said on Friday, as the miner looks to transition its aluminum business to tap a low-carbon economy.
  
"
"Rio Tinto
is in talks to move into the next phase of an agreement
with Apple, Chief Executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques said on
Friday, as the miner looks to transition its aluminium business
to tap a low-carbon economy.
  
"
"Carvana CEO Ernie Garcia said Tesla's online business sales model seems sound, and its visibility can draw more attention to car sales overall."
"Warren's plan is the clearest proposal yet in the 2020 presidential race to limit the growth of Silicon Valley."
"Amazon is spending far less than Netflix on content, but its video service is also going broader with live sports and third-party channels."
"Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, who
is in the race for the 2020 nomination for U.S. President, is
set to present a regulatory plan aimed at breaking up some of
America's largest technology companies, including Amazon.com Inc
, Alphabet Inc and Facebook Inc, she
wrote in a blog https://medium.com/@teamwarren/heres-how-we-can-break-up-big-tech-9ad9e0da324c
post on Friday.
  
"
"British MP Damian Collins, an outspoken Facebook critic, said it would be understandable if people do not trust Zuckerberg's \"sudden change of heart\" in advocating for more privacy on the company's platforms."
"Amazon's new Shipment Zero goal of carbon emissions-free delivery by 2030, and its plan to disclose a carbon footprint report for the first time this year, show that climate change is getting more attention from Bezos. Climate experts are encouraged."
"Senator Elizabeth Warren said on Friday
that if elected U.S. president she would seek to break up tech
companies Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's
Google and Facebook Inc as part of a structural change to
the sector aimed at promoting competition.
  
"
"Senator Elizabeth Warren said on Friday
that if elected U.S. president she would seek to break up
Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's Google and
Facebook Inc as part of a structural change to the tech
sector aimed at promoting competition.
  
"
"Senator Elizabeth Warren vowed on Friday
to break up Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's
Google and Facebook Inc if elected U.S. president to
promote competition in the tech sector.
  
"
"Apple is expected to begin mass producing its augmented reality head as soon as the end of this year, according to TF Securities analyst Ming Chi Kuo."
"The electric car maker continues the international rollout of its mid-size Model 3 sedan."
"Senator Elizabeth Warren vowed on Friday
to break up Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's
Google and Facebook Inc if elected U.S. president to
promote competition in the tech sector.
  
"
"Senator Elizabeth Warren vowed on Friday
to break up Amazon.com Inc, Alphabet Inc's
Google and Facebook Inc if elected U.S. president to
promote competition in the tech sector.
  
"
"Senator Elizabeth Warren vowed
on Friday to break up Amazon,  Google and Facebook if elected
U.S. president to promote competition in the technology sector.
  
"
"Microsoft has become more humble following the Justice Department's antitrust case. Now Sen. Elizabeth Warren as citing as an example of how regulation could open the way for new innovation."
"Payless ShoeSource, Tesla, Gap, Victoria's Secret and Family Dollar are just a few of the companies that have said this year they plan to close stores."
"Tech giant Microsoft is taking legal action against Foxconn parent Hon Hai, after the Taiwanese consumer-electronics manufacturer allegedly failed to comply with a patent-licensing agreement from 2013."
"While politicians decry the loss of 25,000 jobs Amazon would have brought to NYC, real estate agents say the area will be fine without it."
"Facebook is preventing a number of companies that sell lubricants for women going through menopause to advertise on its service despite allowing ads for equivalent products from brands that target men."
"While consumers pay nothing for most Google services, some businesses say they often can't avoid giving more money to the company"
"A big chunk of the 2020 Democratic field began making Texas an unlikely early-state stop Saturday and pushed back on big tech in front of young, social-media savvy crowds in a city where companies including Google and Apple have big footprints."
"From Amazon India to Indian IT firms, BS brings you top stories that made news on Saturday"
"Ernest Quintana received the news last Monday in a hospital in Fremont when a doctor appeared on-screen and told him. He passed away the following day. \"That Robot Dr. May be ok for some situations but not to tell a Man he is going to Die,\" a family friend wrote in a Facebook post that included a screenshot of a video taken by the patient's granddaughter, Annalisia Wilharm."
"According to the election commission, the candidates will have to furnish the details of their social media accounts at the time of filing their nominations.  Arora said all political advertisements on social media will need pre-certification. The election commission has asked Google, Facebook, Twitter Whatsapp, and Youtube to verify all the political advertisements coming from various political parties."
"Facebook, Twitter and Google had made a written commitment to EC during consultations last year to help the poll panel regulate political campaigns on their platforms that are objectionable or in violation of the model code of conduct and laws of the country."
"The first findings to result from a collaboration between Seattle Children's Research Institute and Microsoft data scientists provides expecting mothers new information about how smoking before and during pregnancy contributes to the risk of an infant dying suddenly and unexpectedly before their first birthday."
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc
said on Sunday it will raise vehicle prices by about 3 percent
on average worldwide as it plans to keep more retail stores
open.
  
"
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc
said on Sunday it will raise prices of its high-end vehicles by
about 3 percent on average as it plans to keep more retail
stores open than planned.
  
"
"Elon Musk announced Sunday night that Tesla will raise vehicle prices by about 3 percent, and keep more stores open than previously planned."
"His latest tussle with the SEC centers on a Feb. 19 tweet, in which Musk said Tesla would make about half a million cars in 2019."
"Tesla said the worldwide price hikes will apply to the more expensive variants of Model 3, Model S and Model X, and there will be no price increase to the $35,000 Model 3"
"Tesla Inc is in discussions
with Chinese battery maker Contemporary Amperex Technology Co
Ltd (CATL) for ordering rechargeable batteries to
power its Model 3 cars, Bloomberg reported on Monday, citing
people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Bank of America upgraded Apple to buy from neutral, boosting shares of the iPhone maker on Monday."
"The firm also raised its price target on Facebook to $215 from $172. The stock was up 1.5 percent Monday in premarket trading to $172.10."
"March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk has
until the end of the day on Monday to explain why he should not
be held in contempt for recent tweets that U.S. securities
regulators say violated a September fraud settlement.
  
"
"Wall Street analysts have the lowest percentage of buy ratings on Apple's stock in 15 years. Here's what that could mean for the stock's trajectory."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street Monday."
"The annual survey of Tesla owners saw more respondents than last year's survey say they \"love\" their Teslas."
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc
backed off its plan to close all of its U.S. stores in a blog
post https://www.tesla.com/en_NZ/blog/update-tesla-stores-and-pricing?redirect=no
and instead will raise prices of its high-end vehicles by about
3 percent on average, as it strives for profitability.
  
"
"The part-time work-from-home role pays $15 an hour and offers health beneifts."
"* Apple rises after brokerage upgrades to \"buy\"
(Updates to open)
  
"
"Instead of cash, the electric car maker used 49,967 shares at a maximum price of $277.05 a share as of Feb. 12 to buy the trailers from Central Valley Auto Transport, a California company that specializes in car carriers."
"President Trump tweets that he quickly said \"Tim Apple\" at a White House event \"to save time & words.\""
"March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk has
until the end of the day on Monday to explain why he should not
be held in contempt for recent tweets that U.S. securities
regulators say violated a September fraud settlement.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Privacy lawyers for
technology giants Google and Intel will testify before the U.S.
Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday to discuss consumer
controls and opt-ins, the panel said in a statement released on
Monday.
  
"
"March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk has
until the end of the day on Monday to explain why he should not
be held in contempt for recent tweets that U.S. securities
regulators say violated a September fraud settlement.
  
"
NA
"It was Bezos's first public comment to employees addressing the concerns about his work at Amazon as he's dealing with a series of issues."
"Apple just announced an event for March 25 where it's expected to introduce its new streaming TV and subscription news services."
"Apple Inc on Monday invited
media to a March 25 event at the Steve Jobs Theater on its
campus in Cupertino, California.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday invited
media to a March 25 event at the Steve Jobs Theater on its
campus in Cupertino, California, where it is expected to launch
a television and video service.
  
"
"Huge payouts went to two top Google executives accused of sexual harassment, according to newly unsealed court documents."
"ADT Inc reported a quarterly
loss and forecast 2019 revenue and EBITDA below Wall Street
estimates amid intensifying competition from fast-growing
do-it-yourself home security offerings such as Google Nest.
  
"
"Brazil on Monday thanked the
global body that oversees Internet addresses for extending until
April a deadline for Amazon basin nations to reach a deal with
Amazon.com Inc in their seven-year battle over the
.amazon domain name.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google Cloud has hired Amit Zavery to lead one of its
engineering teams, a company spokeswoman confirmed on Monday,
making him the highest-ranking Oracle executive to reunite with
former Oracle President Thomas Kurian since he became Google
Cloud's chief executive.
  
"
"Amazon.com has decided to stop
telling third-party sellers on its platform that they cannot
offer lower prices on competing websites, a source said on
Monday.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday invited
media to a March 25 event at the Steve Jobs Theater on its
campus in Cupertino, California, where it is expected to launch
a television and video service.
  
"
"Jim Cramer explains why he thinks Costco has an advantage Kroger is vulnerable as Amazon explores a new supermarket concept."
"ADT Inc reported a quarterly
loss and forecast 2019 revenue and EBITDA below Wall Street
estimates amid intensifying competition from fast-growing
do-it-yourself home security offerings such as Google Nest.
  
"
"Amazon.com has decided to stop
telling third-party sellers on its platform that they cannot
offer lower prices on competing websites, a source said on
Monday.
  
"
"March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk shot
back against U.S. securities regulators on Monday, arguing in a
filing that his recent tweet about the electric vehicle maker's
production volume did not violate the court's judgment and there
is no basis to issue contempt against him.
  
"
"Amazon basin countries Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana and Suriname have fought the domain request since it was made in 2012"
"Google says that it has made changes recently to take a hard line against sexual misconduct."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk shot back against U.S. securities regulators on Monday, arguing in a filing that his recent tweet about the electric vehicle maker's production volume did not violate the court's judgment."
"March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk shot
back against U.S. securities regulators on Monday, arguing in a
filing that his recent tweet about the electric vehicle maker's
production volume did not violate his fraud settlement and he
cannot be held in contempt.
  
"
"SAN FRANCISCO, March 11 - Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Elon Musk shot back against U.S. securities regulators on
Monday, arguing in a filing that his recent tweet about the
electric vehicle maker's production volume did not violate his
fraud settlement and he cannot be held in contempt.
  
"
"On March 12, 1989, Tim Berners-Lee had submitted the 'Information Management: A Proposal' to his boss which is celebrated as the day World Wide Web was born. Berners-Lee worked at Europe's physics lab CERN, where the World Wide Web? was conceptualised as an information management system. By 1991, the external Web servers were running and it went public in 1993."
"Tesla Inc is in discussions with Chinese battery maker Contemporary Amperex Technology Co Ltd (CATL) for ordering rechargeable batteries to power its Model 3 cars, Bloomberg reported on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter."
"Foxconn does not
expect to suffer any loss as a result of a lawsuit filed by
Microsoft Corp, the chief executive of the Taiwanese
company, Terry Gou, said on Tuesday.
Microsoft has said it is suing Foxconn, the contract
manufacturer that rose to global prominence as assembler of the
Apple iPhone, for what it claims are unpaid patent
royalties.
  
"
"The Australian arm of Rupert
Murdoch's News Corp called for an enforced break-up of
Alphabet Inc's Google Inc, acknowledging the measure
would involve global coordination but calling it necessary to
preserve advertising and the news media.
  
"
"WPP Plc, the world's biggest
advertising company, said on Tuesday it appointed Microsoft
Corp's UK chief executive officer, Cindy Rose, as a
non-executive director.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn on
Tuesday responded to a patent infringement lawsuit filed against
it by Microsoft Corp, saying as a contract
manufacturer, it has never needed to pay royalties for the U.S.
giant's software.
  
"
"Musk's lawyers wrote that a Feb. 19 tweet merely restated prior disclosures on electric car production volumes"
"In a report to Australia's competition watchdog, News Corp said Google wields \"overwhelming market power,\" calling it the \"most important gateway to the internet\" and a vital place for digital advertisements."
NA
"Volkswagen
has not considered taking a minority investment in
Google's autonomous cars project Waymo, Chief
Executive Herbert Diess said on Tuesday, adding that talks about
developing self-driving cars with Ford continue.
  
"
"Tesla's Model 3 price cut suggests the electric car maker is approaching an \"air pocket\" in demand, Morgan Stanley says."
"Oppenheimer's Ari Wald says Apple might be range bound for a bit, but Chantico Global's Gina Sanchez says the stock is a bargain."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street Tuesday:"
"A bench of Chief Justice Naresh Patil and Justice N M Jamdar directed the MMRDA to file an affidavit detailing the state's plan to generate revenue and attract visitors to the project.  MMRDA's counsel S B Talekar told the bench that the proposed memorial was not a \"wasteful\" project, as alleged in a public interest litigation filed in the high court."
"Taiwan's Foxconn on
Tuesday responded to a patent infringement lawsuit filed against
it by Microsoft Corp, saying as a contract
manufacturer, it has never needed to pay royalties for the U.S.
company's software.
  
"
"Apple stock has been on something of an upswing in recent months after a devastating fourth quarter."
"Elastic shares fell as much as 5 percent on Tuesday after Amazon Web Services created a new library of open-source code for Elasticsearch, which is at the heart of Elastic."
"The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on Tuesday asked a judge for permission to respond to
arguments by Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk that
his recent tweet about the electric vehicle maker?s production
volume did not violate his fraud settlement with the regulator
and that he cannot be held in contempt.
  
"
"The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on Tuesday asked a judge for permission to respond to
arguments by Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk that
his recent tweet about the electric vehicle maker?s production
volume did not violate his fraud settlement and he cannot be
held in contempt.
  
"
"The top U.S. securities regulator on
Tuesday sought permission from a judge to respond to Tesla Inc
Chief Executive Elon Musk's arguments that his Twitter
post about the electric vehicle maker?s production volume did
not violate his fraud settlement with the government.
  
"
"The top U.S. securities regulator
received permission from a federal judge on Tuesday to respond
to Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk's arguments that
his Twitter post about the electric vehicle maker?s production
volume did not violate his recent fraud settlement.
  
"
"The revised offer will mean the lenders will have to write off 60% of their dues"
"Britain needs to overhaul its
competition rules to tackle the dominance of tech giants like
Facebook, Google and Amazon, and
increase consumer choice, a government review said on Wednesday.
  
"
". Two rooms. That's all it took for The Samaritans team to shoot this micro-budget thriller. The tense mood was created with one light, four actors, and no more than three takes on any setup. The creative team consists of Doug Bollinger, Keith Collins, Cory Green, and Matt Grego. The entire feature film was shot in a four day weekend. This intrepid group of dedicated filmmakers did nothing but eat, sleep, and shoot to create what is sure to be one of the most talked about indie thrillers of the year.
Follow on Social Media:
	#TheSamaritansMovie
Facebook:www.Facebook.com/TheSamaritansMovie
	IMDb:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5486552/reference

	..."
"Like many other companies, Facebook is exploring ways to leverage the power of blockchain technology"
"Those affected by the move were informed Tuesday and will be getting severance from the company, Electrek reported"
"Facebook's reported push into payments on WhatsApp is aimed at replicating the successful feature on WeChat. Analysts say, however, that it will be tough for Facebook to mirror the success of the Tencent-owned app."
"China's mobile phone shipments plunged 20 percent in February with one analyst suggesting that Apple and Xiaomi were the \"biggest losers.\""
"A new U.K. government report published Wednesday found tech giants are stifling innovation and reducing choices for consumers."
"Spotify has filed a
complaint with EU antitrust regulators against Apple,
saying the iPhone maker unfairly limits rivals to its own Apple
Music streaming service.
  
"
"Apple's control of its App store deprives consumers of choice and rival providers of audio streaming services, says Spotify."
"Goldman's 12-month price target is $210, representing a 25 percent drop from here."
"Music streaming giant Spotify filed a complaint against Apple with the European Commission's antitrust regulators, saying Apple Music has an \"unfair advantage\" over rivals."
"Traders Erin Gibbs and Mark Newton say Etsy looks by far the best of the bunch."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street Wednesday:"
"Amazon is exclusively selling a beauty brand called Fast Beauty Company"
"Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Alphabet are outpacing the broader market for 2019, and two experts see more runway ahead of some of the names."
"Morgan Stanley's Adam Jonas is closely watching what Amazon's doing in the electric vehicles space."
"Amazon has not been the major player in the streaming video, but it has the advantage of being able to tie content to products it sells."
"NBC 5 Weather Expert Keisha Burns said 78 mph wind gusts were recorded at DFW Airport."
"Apple prevents companies from linking to alternative payment methods that would circumvent the 30-percent cut."
"Amazon has been under fire for hosting and selling books and videos that spread unscientific and potentially dangerous information."
"Users headed to Twitter, making the hashtag #facebookdown the top trending topic in the United States"
"Amazon Fire TV owners can now ask Alexa to play Apple Music."
"Facebook acknowledged that users were reporting issues loading its family of apps Wednesday, which includes Instagram and WhatsApp."
"Elon Musk's legal troubles and public scandals may be a headache for investors, but at least one Tesla bull is confident the company can do just fine with or without its famous CEO."
"Amazon, J.P. Morgan and Berkshire Hathaway are building a team to fix health care for their employees. Here's what we know about the group so far."
"At least two companies that make smartphones and other devices have received subpoenas from a New York grand jury related to how they used Facebook user data they received under deals with the social networking company."
"U.S. prosecutors are conducting a
criminal investigation into data deals Facebook Inc
struck with some of the world's largest technology companies,
the New York Times reported on Wednesday.
  
"
"Walmart Inc plans to introduce
a low-priced, kid-friendly electronic tablet under its ONN store
brand, Bloomberg reported https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-03-13/walmart-readies-introduction-of-low-priced-rival-to-apple-s-ipad
on Thursday.
  
"
"U.S. federal prosecutors are conducting
a criminal investigation into data deals Facebook Inc
struck with some of the world's largest technology companies,
the New York Times reported on Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday
some users around the world were facing trouble in accessing its
widely used Instagram, Whatsapp and Facebook apps, making it one
of the longest outages the company has suffered in the recent
past.
  
"
"Southern California News Group reports the Pasadena City Council this week voted for a five-year pact with Tesla to create 44 publicly accessible charging locations on the top of a parking structure"
"Instagram is back up after suffering a
partial outage for over several hours, the photo-sharing social
network platform said in a tweet, but its parent Facebook Inc's
app still seemed to be down for some users across the
globe.
  
"
"Facebook earlier reportedly admitted that it had shared users' data with embattled Chinese company Huawei along with three other China-based smartphone makers Lenovo, OPPO and TCL"
"China's customs authority has
lifted their suspension on imports of Tesla's Model 3
after the U.S. electric car maker made the necessary
rectifications, two sources familiar with the matter said on
Thursday.
  
"
"China's customs authority has
lifted a warning notice that barred Tesla Model 3 imports into
the country last week, an official in the authority's news
department told Reuters on Thursday.
  
"
"Casino's upmarket
Monoprix supermarket chain is working to expand its partnership
with E-commerce giant Amazon in France, following a
successful launch in Paris, Monoprix's Chief Executive said on
Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc struggled to
restore its services fully on Thursday after a 17-hour partial
outage made the world's largest social network inaccessible to
users across the globe, driving a wave of online complaints.
  
"
"* Authorities said cars had issues like incorrect nameplate
labels
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street Thursday:"
"Eye-tracking technology on the HoloLens 2 feels like the future, and the new design is more comfortable for getting things done."
"Tesla Inc said https://bit.ly/2TM4L47
on Thursday it appointed Zachary Kirkhorn as its chief
financial officer to succeed Deepak Ahuja.
(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun
Koyyur)
  
"
"Add Cowen to a list of Apple bulls as firm sees the steady iPhone business driving the stock another 20 percent higher."
"Facebook has a special internal email hotline, commonly referred to as \"Oops@\", where employees can get priority support."
"U.S. stocks opened little changed on
Thursday as a report that a meeting between President Donald
Trump and China's Xi Jinping will most likely be pushed to April
at the earliest, clouded investor sentiment and offset a boost
from Apple's shares.
  
"
"U.K. Finance Minister Philip Hammond urged the Competition and Markets Authority to launch a review of Britain's digital advertising market."
"Tesla dives into one of the hottest auto segments with the long-awaited debut of its Model Y crossover utility Thursday night."
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
said it is combining elements of its video game and Azure cloud
computing businesses to target game developers also being
courted by industry leader Amazon.com's cloud services.
  
"
"The United States' top
general said on Thursday that the Chinese military was
indirectly benefiting from the work Alphabet Inc?s Google
was doing in China.
  
"
"The United States' top
general said on Thursday that the Chinese military was
benefiting from the work Alphabet Inc?s Google was
doing in China, where the technology giant has long sought to
have a bigger presence.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
said it is combining elements of its video gaming and Azure
cloud computing businesses to court game developers, an action
designed to use the strength of its Xbox gaming franchise to
gain ground on cloud services leader Amazon.com.
  
"
"The European Union's
competition watchdog is considering opening a probe of Apple
over allegations that it uses its app store to gain an
advantage on its own services over rivals', the authority's
chief said on Thursday.
  
"
"Apple will host WWDC 2019 from June 3 to June 7, and a keynote where it unveils new software for iPhones, iPads, Macs is expected June 3."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Twice in recent months MongoDB shares have plunged on concerns about competition from Amazon."
"France's air accident
investigation agency on Thursday released a picture https://twitter.com/BEA_Aero?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor
of the doomed Ethiopian Airlines jet's flight data recorder,
which appeared to show the crash-proof housing protecting the
critical recording chip intact.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
had restored service to its main app and Instagram, after the
world's largest social network suffered a major outage that
frustrated users across the globe for about 24 hours.
  
"
"The United States' top
general said on Thursday that the Chinese military was
benefiting from the work Alphabet Inc?s Google was
doing in China, where the technology giant has long sought to
have a bigger presence.
  
"
"America's top two defense officials slammed Google's work with China on Thursday saying it has \"indirectly benefited\" Beijing's military."
"Tesla Inc will
unveil its Model Y electric sports utility vehicle on Thursday
evening in California, promising a much-awaited crossover that
will face competition from European car makers rolling out their
own electric rivals.
  
"
"Cox was one of Facebook's first 15 engineers and climbed his way up the company."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday
Chief Product Officer Chris Cox will leave the social media
network after 13 years, adding to a recent string of
high-profile exits.
  
"
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"Facebook Inc Chief Product
Officer Chris Cox will leave the social media network, Chief
Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said in a blog post on
Thursday.
  
"
"The commercials tagline: \"If privacy matters in your life, it should matter to the phone your life is on.\""
"Apple Inc on Thursday launched
a television advertising campaign promoting its stance on data
privacy, seeking to differentiate itself from tech industry
rivals such as Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc
that have become the target of regulatory scrutiny over
the issue.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's chief product
officer and one of its earliest employees, Chris Cox, said on
Thursday he is leaving the company, just days after Chief
Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg revealed a plan to pivot the
world's biggest social network to an encryption-focused
messaging company.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's chief product
officer and one of its earliest employees, Chris Cox, said on
Thursday he is leaving the company, just days after Chief
Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg revealed a plan to pivot the
world's biggest social network to an encryption-focused
messaging company.
  
"
"In Chris Cox's departure, Facebook is losing \"the heart and soul of the Facebook mission at the company,\" a former employee said."
"A U.S. federal judge has issued a
preliminary ruling that Qualcomm Inc owes Apple Inc
nearly $1 billion in patent royalty rebate payments,
though the decision is unlikely to result in Qualcomm writing a
check to Apple because of other developments in the dispute.
  
"
"The payments were part of a business cooperation agreement between the two companies amid the peculiar patent licensing practices of the consumer electronics industry."
"A U.S. federal judge has issued a
preliminary ruling that Qualcomm Inc owes Apple Inc
nearly $1 billion in patent royalty rebate payments,
though the decision is unlikely to result in Qualcomm writing a
check to Apple because of other developments in the dispute.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's
chief product officer and one of its earliest employees, Chris
Cox, said on Thursday he is leaving the company just days after
Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg revealed a plan to transform the
world's biggest social network into an encryption-focused
messaging company.
  
"
"The Model Y could help Tesla tap into the growing crossover market."
"Tesla Inc
unveiled its Model Y electric sports utility vehicle on Thursday
evening in California, promising a much-awaited crossover that
will face competition from European car makers rolling out their
own electric rivals.
  
"
"Tesla Inc         
unveiled its Model Y electric sports utility vehicle on Thursday
evening in California, promising a much-awaited crossover that
will face competition from European car makers rolling out their
own electric rivals.
    Chief Executive Elon Musk said the compact SUV, built on the
same platform as the Model 3, would first debut in a long-range
version with a range of 300 miles (
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Thursday
Spotify wants all the benefits of a free app without
being free, as the iPhone maker responded to the audio streaming
service provider's complaint with European Union antitrust
regulators.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Thursday
responded to Spotify Technology SA's complaint with EU
antitrust regulators, saying the audio streaming service \"wants
all the benefits of a free app without being free\".
  
"
"Huawei is developing its own operating system for smartphones and laptops, but the company says it would only be used in \"extenuating circumstances.\""
"Apple said Spotify is seeking all the benefits of a free app, without being free."
"China is gearing up
to skewer companies it accuses of treating consumers badly in a
yearly event that has previously named and shamed firms from
Apple to Nike Inc.
  
"
"SenseNets, a Chinese company that makes facial recognition technology which is used by the government in Beijing, says Microsoft is a partner. But Microsoft says it has no connection with the controversial firm."
"Closing pop-up stores, pushing the grocery business and focusing on advertising all will help Amazon boost profits, KeyBanc analysts said as they boosted the online retailer's price target."
"Social media platforms Facebook and Twitter said on Friday they would take down content involving mass shootings at two New Zealand mosques that killed at least 49 people and wounded more than 20.
  
"
"Facebook Inc is introducing a
new detection technology to stop the spread of intimate photos
posted on Facebook or Instagram without people's permission,
sometimes called \"revenge porn,\" the company said on Friday.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Friday:"
"Facebook Inc said on Friday it
would use artificial intelligence to combat the spread of
intimate photos shared without people's permission, sometimes
called \"revenge porn,\" on its social networks.
  
"
"The tool saves victims of the unwanted intimate posts the time and trial of getting the posts taken down."
"Tesla unveiled its crossover SUV electric vehicle on Thursday night but Wall Street was largely unimpressed by the car and received it with little fanfare."
"BMO Capital Markets told clients that it's made Netflix its top tech stock in light of Warren's plan to bust up Amazon, Facebook and Google."
"The 2019 iHeartRadio Music Awards celebrated all things music Thursday from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles."
"Facebook, Twitter and YouTube said they removed the original videos, but hours later people reported finding versions on the platforms."
"Alphabet unit
Google is likely to be hit with a third EU antitrust fine next
week related to its AdSense advertising service, a person
familiar with the matter said on Friday, with the sanction
expected to be much smaller than previous fines.
  
"
"Tesla unveiled its long-awaited Model Y at the company's design studio in Los Angeles on Thursday night."
"Social media giants
Facebook, Twitter, Google faced scrutiny over extremist content
on their platforms on Friday after video footage of mass
shootings in New Zealand was live streamed and widely shared
online.
  
"
"Apple is reportedly hiring strategists to help it with campaigns for awards shows like the Academy Awards and Emmys, with the intention of running for the Emmy Awards as soon as 2020."
"On top of Chris Cox's departure, Facebook suffered its longest outage ever this week and new threats of potential regulation."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Amazon Web Services has close ties to the start-up community and is now testing a new program to give investors a chance to put money into young companies."
"A gunman who killed 49 people
at two New Zealand mosques live-streamed the attacks on Facebook
for 17 minutes using an app designed for extreme sports
enthusiasts, with copies still being shared on social media
hours later.
  
"
"CNBC tested Google Maps' new augmented reality feature, which shows how useful augmented reality glasses could be."
"* Social media firms say taking action to remove footage
(Updates to with new headline, text unchanged)
  
"
"Two sources close to the matter said the verdict would land next week, most likely on Wednesday"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday won a court victory against iPhone maker Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego finding that Apple infringed on three of Qualcomm's patents, a Qualcomm spokeswoman told Reute"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
on Friday won a court victory against iPhone maker
Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego
finding that Apple infringed on three of Qualcomm's patents, a
Qualcomm spokeswoman told Reuters.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Richard Chang)
  
"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
on Friday won a legal victory against iPhone maker
Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego
finding that Apple owes Qualcomm about $31 million for
infringing three of its patents.
  
"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
on Friday won a legal victory against iPhone maker
Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego
finding that Apple owes Qualcomm about $31 million for
infringing three of its patents.
  
"
"Global
leaders criticized social media giants Facebook, Twitter, and
Google over their handling of extremist content on their
platforms on Friday, after video footage of mass shootings at
two mosques in New Zealand was live streamed and widely shared
online.
  
"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
on Friday won a legal victory against iPhone maker
Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego
finding that Apple owes Qualcomm about $31 million for
infringing three of its patents.
  
"
"Mobile phone chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
on Friday won a legal victory against iPhone maker
Apple Inc, with a jury in federal court in San Diego
finding that Apple owes Qualcomm about $31 million for
infringing three of its patents.
  
"
"This week started with Facebook mistakenly removing ads critical of Facebook and ended with the company failing to immediately catch and remove an apparent livestream of a deadly attack."
"The Narendra Modi-led government has been wooing Tesla to set up a factory but Musk, in a May 2018 Twitter post, had pointed to 'some challenging government regulations' as a hurdle"
"Qualcomm last year sued Apple alleging it had violated patents related to helping mobile phones get better battery life"
"Facebook is struggling to keep hold of their top executives. Facebook's chief product officer Chris Cox and head of WhatsApp, Chris Daniels, are leaving the company. The technology company has seen a series of high-profile exits over the last year or so ? all of it related to changes Zuckerberg and COO Sheryl Sandberg were enforcing."
"Amazon in February abruptly scrapped plans to build part of its second headquarters in New York."
"Amazon.com Inc's
plan to set up a second headquarters in northern Virginia, after
being rebuffed in New York, will face its first test when local
officials vote on Saturday on a proposed financial package worth
an estimated $51 million.
  
"
"The Apple Watch was able to detect
irregular heart pulse rates that could signal the need for
further monitoring for a serious heart rhythm problem, according
to data from a large study funded by Apple Inc,
demonstrating a potential future role for wearable consumer
technology in healthcare.
  
"
"The RCB captain also admitted last season's marketing campaign based around the chant \"ee sala cup namde (this year the cup is ours)\" may not have been the wisest move"
"Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has vowed to not compete with partners, which was a selling point for Volkswagen when choosing a cloud vendor."
"A financial package worth
an estimated $51 million for Amazon.com Inc's second
headquarters in northern Virginia was approved by the Arlington
County Board on Saturday, helping the company clear a key hurdle
amid protests.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc's
planned second headquarters in northern Virginia cleared a key
test on Saturday when local officials approved a proposed
financial package worth an estimated $51 million amid a small
but vocal opposition.
  
"
"Facebook Inc  said it removed
1.5 million videos globally of the New Zealand mosque attack in
the first 24 hours after the attack.
  
"
"Tony Fernandes says in Twitter post he is \"a big fan\" of social media, but he had to think hard about whether to remain on Facebook after the live-streaming of the mass shooting in New Zealand."
"The shares had their worst day in more than two months Friday, falling 2.5 per cent to close at $165.98"
"Battery start-ups are raising millions of dollars from VCs and corporations such as Volkswagen to commercialize their breakthrough technologies. They believe their batteries are big improvements over the current lithium-ion batteries used by Tesla."
"Learn the basics of Google AdWords and MailChimp marketing, plus dive into streaming, influencer marketing, and more.
       
"
"Google is expected to unveil its big game streaming service, but experts are skeptical it will have what it takes"
"The company said it is also removing all edited versions of the video"
"Some New Zealand
companies are weighing whether to advertise on social media, as
two industry groups urged them not to in the wake of last week's
mass shooting in Christchurch that was livestreamed on Facebook
and redistributed on other platforms.
  
"
"The Narendra Modi-led government has been wooing Tesla to set up a factory but Musk, in a May 2018 Twitter post, had pointed to ?some challenging government regulations? as a hurdle"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla shares have taken a wrong turn, and one technician says the charts point to more hardship ahead for the electric vehicle maker."
"The court had earlier sought response of the central government, Amazon and Flipkart to the plea which has sought a probe into the alleged FDI violations"
"Social media is a tool you use. Your website and your email list are assets you own.
       
"
"Facebook shares sank after Needham downgraded the stock and warned clients about recent management departures."
"Apple Inc in a surprise
announcement on Monday launched 10.5-inch iPad Air and a
7.9-inch iPad Mini ahead of its March 25 event.
  
"
"The new models offer keyboard support for the first time, and work with the Apple Pencil."
"Apple Inc in a surprise move
on Monday launched a new 10.5-inch iPad Air and updated its
7.9-inch iPad Mini ahead of its March 25 event.
  
"
"Facebook said it removed 1.5 million videos of the mosque attack in New Zealand in the first 24 hours after the original was posted."
"Apple Inc, in a surprise move
on Monday, launched a new 10.5-inch iPad Air and updated its
iPad Mini ahead of a March 25 event where it is expected to
launch a television and video service.
  
"
"Yang, who announced his candidacy in late 2017, is proposing a 10 percent VAT targeting companies like Amazon and Google. But he said he doesn't believe corporations would abandon the U.S. if they are hit with the tax."
"The company debuted a new iPad Air with a 10.5-inch screen, bringing back a model that was phased out when Apple launched the iPad Pro a few years ago"
"While Apple says that the iPad Air isn?t for pro artists and designers, there are a few features we prefer to the iPad Pro."
"Berkshire Hathaway, J. P. Morgan and Amazon created a healthcare company called Haven to change the way healthcare is delivered. Only problem is the industry doesn't see any reason to change."
"Bargain-hunting is a lot easier than you think."
"Ensure your content gets seen -- even when social media is going haywire.
       
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"?Are we recording? Are we doing vocals?... I think we are,? she tells her dog."
"* Six of 11 major S&P sectors higher
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"Stanford's researchers talked about the study at the American College of Cardiology conference in New Orleans."
"Facebook is down about 13 percent over the past year and has fallen three straight days."
"Google is trying to boost
price comparison rivals such as Kelkoo in an effort to appease
European Union antitrust regulators and ward off fresh fines
following a 2.4-billion-euro ($2.7 billion) penalty nearly two
years ago.
  
"
"Facebook plans to ramp up
efforts to fight misinformation ahead of the European Parliament
election in May and will partner with German news agency DPA to
boost its fact-checking, a senior executive said on Monday.
  
"
"Banks helped lead Wall Street higher on
Monday, while Boeing and Facebook were a drag and investors eyed
this week's Federal Reserve meeting for affirmation of its
commitment to \"patient\" monetary policy.
  
"
"Beto O'Rourke was actively supported by major players within the technology industry including getting checks from executives at Amazon, Facebook, Apple and Dell Technologies."
"Bill Gates said that he spoke with Googlers on Monday in reference to a project related to ultrasound analysis."
"Netflix Inc will
not make its programming available through a coming TV service
expected to be unveiled by Apple Inc, Netflix Chief
Executive Reed Hastings said on Monday.
  
"
"A tweet about Tesla Inc
production targets by Elon Musk was \"a blatant violation\" of a
court order to get his written communications pre-approved, U.S.
securities regulators told a judge on Monday, doubling down on
the government's demand to find the Tesla CEO in contempt of a
previous fraud settlement.
  
"
"Netflix Inc, the
world's dominant streaming service, will not make its TV shows
and movies available through Apple Inc's upcoming video
offering, Netflix Chief Executive Reed Hastings said on Monday.
  
"
"Elon Musk's tweet about Tesla production targets was \"a blatant violation\" of a court order to get his written communications pre-approved, U.S. securities regulators said on Monday."
"Chief Executive Elon Musk has never
sought pre-approval for a single tweet about Tesla Inc
since striking a court-approved deal about how to communicate
important information about the electric vehicle maker, the top
U.S. securities regulator told a judge on Monday.
  
"
"Here are the specifications, features and Indian pricing of the Apple iPad Air (2019) and iPad Mini (2019)"
"Facebook said the livestream of a gunman who opened fire on worshipers at two mosques in New Zealand last week was viewed 4,000 times before it was removed."
"The October securities fraud settlement stemmed from tweets by Musk in August about having the money to take Tesla private at $420 per share.But Musk didn't have the funding secured."
"The Wall Street Journal reports that the National Enquirer's publisher paid $200,000 to obtain intimate texts between Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and his mistress Lauren Sanchez."
"* Nature of cyber attack unclear
(Adds context on cyber attacks in paras 5-8, updates share,
company updating on Facebook in para 12)
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Finnish game company Rovio
has released an augmented reality game called Angry
Birds Isle of Pigs, developed with Swedish game studio
Resolution Games for Apple's mobile devices, the Finnish games
developer said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's Instagram will
now let U.S. users to shop products directly from the photo
sharing app by adding a 'checkout' feature on items tagged for
sale, the company said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Strategic Wealth Partners' Mark Tepper says Alphabet is a better bet than Facebook."
"Apple refreshed its 4K and 5K iMacs on Tuesday with faster processors and better graphics."
"Amazon's hunt for another business to drive its growth even higher may have its answer in Amazon Business, a note from Bank of America on Tuesday said."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk's dispute with federal regulators is making investors nervous."
"Newly released warrant documents show investigators asked to use Michael Cohen's face and fingerprints to access his Apple devices."
"Apple has launched new versions of its 27- and 21.5 inch iMacs with faster CPUs and graphics, which Apple claims makes it up to 2.4x faster than previous models."
"\"Applicant said he worked at Microsoft, but then had no idea who Bill Gates was.\""
"Facebook Inc's Instagram began
trialing a feature on Tuesday that lets U.S. users shop directly
for products from the photo sharing app by adding a 'checkout'
feature on items tagged for sale, the company said.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's Instagram will
now let U.S. users to shop products directly from the photo
sharing app by adding a 'checkout' feature on items tagged for
sale, the company said on Tuesday.
  
"
"President Donald Trump said
on Tuesday that the big tech platforms, Facebook, YouTube owner
Google and Twitter, were on the side of the left, along with the
\"corrupt media.\"
  
"
"Facebook Inc's Instagram began
trialing a feature on Tuesday that lets U.S. users shop directly
for products from the photo sharing app by adding a 'checkout'
feature on items tagged for sale, the company said.
  
"
"It is unclear how much of the drop in popularity can be attributed to the representative's opposition to Amazon's plans to build an office in Queens."
"U.S. President Donald Trump
on Tuesday accused social media platforms Facebook, YouTube and
Twitter of favoring his Democratic opponents over him and his
fellow Republicans.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said on Tuesday he will look into  Facebook's apparent decision
to block public comments by White House social media director
Dan Scavino.
  
"
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk has backed U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan \"into a corner,\" CNBC's Jim Cramer says."
"There's new and staggering data that support the fact that retailers should increasingly be scared of Amazon dominating e-commerce."
"Facebook Inc
confirmed Tuesday it had briefly blocked White House social
media director Dan Scavino from replying to comments from a
reader, saying it was aimed at stopping \"automated bots\" and had
apologized to him.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said on Tuesday he will look into  Facebook's apparent
decision to block public comments by White House social media
director Dan Scavino.
  
"
"Google is announcing the \"future of gaming\" at 1 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, you can stream it live right here."
"Facebook Inc's Instagram is
trialing a feature that lets U.S. users shop from the
photo-sharing app by using a \"checkout\" option on items tagged
for sale, the company said on Tuesday.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump said on
Tuesday he will look into  Facebook's decision to block
public comments by White House social media director Dan
Scavino.
  
"
"Google unveiled its streaming game service called Stadia on Tuesday which won't require people to buy expensive game consoles or computers to play the latest video games."
NA
"Alphabet Inc's
Google announced on Tuesday a video game streaming service
dubbed Stadia that attempts to capitalize on the company's cloud
technology and global network of data centers.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump said on
Tuesday he will look into  Facebook's decision to block
public comments by White House social media director Dan
Scavino.
  
"
"Facebook, Google, Twitter, TikTok, ShareChat, and industry association agree to foil false information themselves."
"Alphabet Inc's
Google announced on Tuesday a video game streaming service
dubbed Stadia that attempts to capitalize on the company's cloud
technology and global network of data centers.
  
"
"The American Civil Liberties Union
(ACLU) said on Tuesday as part of a settlement with Facebook Inc
the social network will make changes to its paid
advertising platform to prevent discrimination in employment,
housing and credit ads.
  
"
"Tesla and its CEO face dozens of investigations and lawsuits from government agencies, former employees, shareholders and more."
"It's not yet clear how well the safeguards will work."
"Alphabet Inc's
Google announced on Tuesday a browser-based video game streaming
service dubbed Stadia that attempts to capitalize on the
company's cloud technology and global network of data centers.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump said on
Tuesday he will look into  Facebook's decision to block
public comments by White House social media director Dan
Scavino.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google announced on Tuesday that it would launch this year a
browser-based video game streaming service dubbed Stadia that
attempts to capitalize on the company's cloud technology and
global network of data centers.
  
"
"House Homeland Security Chairman Bennie Thompson wrote to the CEOs of Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Microsoft requesting a briefing."
"U.S. President Donald Trump
will nominate former Delta Air Lines executive Steve Dickson to
head the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the White House
said on Tuesday, as the aviation agency grapples with fallout
from two fatal crashes in Boeing airplanes.
  
"
"Facebook Inc has agreed to
change its paid advertising platform as part of a wide-ranging
settlement to prevent discriminatory and \"harmful\" practices,
the company and U.S. civil rights groups said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Alphabet's Google
will prompt Android users to choose their preferred browsers and
search apps, a senior Google executive said on Tuesday, as the
company seeks to allay EU antitrust concerns and ward off fresh
sanctions.
  
"
NA
"Japan's Nikkei edged up in
midmorning trade on Wednesday after a choppy start as investors
awaited the outcome of a Federal Reserve policy review, while
Sony and Nintendo tumbled on news that Google is starting a
gaming business.
  
"
"Google announced on Tuesday it was entering the video game industry with a streaming platform, Stadia."
"Google Stadia is a cloud-based game streaming platform, which works across internet-enabled devices such as desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones"
"Japan's Nikkei eked out small
gains on Wednesday as investors awaited the outcome of a Federal
Reserve policy review, while Sony and Nintendo tumbled on news
that Google is starting a gaming business.
  
"
"Japan's Nikkei edged up in
midmorning trade on Wednesday after a choppy start as investors
awaited the outcome of a Federal Reserve policy review, while
Sony and Nintendo tumbled on news that Google is starting a
gaming business.
  
"
"The Apple iMac 2019 has got new processors, graphic processing units (GPUs), and retina display with 4K and 5K screens"
"European Competition
Commissioner Margrethe Vestager will hold a news conference on
an antitrust case at 1030 GMT (11.30 a.m. Brussels time), the
European Commission said on Wednesday.
  
"
"It is the third antitrust fine from Brussels to land on Google's desk."
"EU antitrust regulators
handed down a 1.49 billion euro ($1.69 billion) fine to Alphabet
unit Google on Wednesday for blocking rival online
search advertisers, marking the company's third penalty in two
years.
  
"
"Google was fined 1.49 billion
euros ($1.7 billion) on Wednesday for blocking rival online
search advertisers, the third large European Union antitrust
penalty for the Alphabet business in two only years.
  
"
"Europe's antitrust chief
Margrethe Vestager gave a cautious welcome on Wednesday to
Google's attempts to boost rivals and offer Android
users a choice of browser and search apps in order to comply
with her orders in two separate cases.
  
"
"Google has made and
will make a number of changes to address EU antitrust
regulators' concerns that it unfairly promoted its shopping
service and hindered rivals of its Android smartphone operating
system, a senior executive said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Google fined for illegal misuse of its dominant position in the market for the brokering of online search adverts"
"\"Google has cemented its dominance in online search adverts and shielded itself from competitive pressure by imposing anti-competitive contractual restrictions on third-party websites,\" European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said."
"President of the Americas Joe Hinrichs told CNBC the company is moving quickly toward producing what it previously described as a \"Mustang-inspired\" all-electric SUV that will be in showrooms next year."
"Apple just announced the second-generation AirPods, which include wireless charging and support for 'Hey Siri.'"
"Apple Inc on Wednesday
launched an updated version of its wireless \"AirPods\"
headphones, ahead of a March 25 event where it is expected to
unveil a television and video service.
  
"
"Starbucks Corp is investing
$100 million in a newly created fund that will be managed by
Tesla Inc investor Valor Equity Partners to promote
companies developing new technologies and products for the food
and retail industry.
  
"
"Samsung's Galaxy Buds are a good alternative to Apple AirPods if you own an Android phone. But AirPods are best for iPhone owners."
"Google was fined 1.49 billion
euros ($1.7 billion) on Wednesday for blocking rival online
search advertisers, the third large European Union antitrust
penalty for the Alphabet business in only two years.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Wednesday
launched an updated version of its wireless AirPods headphones,
ahead of a March 25 event where it is expected to unveil a
television and video service.
  
"
"WASHINGTON, March 20 - The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday
cast doubt on a $8.5 million settlement Google had agreed to pay
to end an internet privacy dispute, directing a lower court to
review whether plaintiffs who accused the search engine operator
of wrongdoing in a class action lawsuit were legally eligible to
sue.
  
"
"Amazon has launched its first dedicated skincare line, called Belei, for moisturizers and spot treatments."
"* EU's Vestager gives cautious welcome to its measures
(Adds Vestager. Google critic comments, details)
  
"
"WASHINGTON, March 20 - The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday
cast doubt on a $8.5 million settlement Google had agreed to pay
to end an internet privacy dispute, directing a lower court to
review whether plaintiffs who accused the search engine operator
of wrongdoing in a class action lawsuit were legally eligible to
sue.
  
"
"\"If we end up with this story and say, it's one bad apple in one industry, that's a bad lesson,\" behavior expert Dan Ariely tells CNBC Make It. \"This is about the human condition.\""
"Users can input their own melody into the Doodle, which will generate a harmony in the composer?s style"
"Netflix is set to gain a new competitor next week when Apple will reportedly unveil its streaming platform. The charts already point to a winner in the streaming battles."
"Google was hit with
a 1.49-billion-euro ($1.7 billion) fine on Wednesday, the third
antitrust sanction from the European Union in two years after a
record-breaking 4.34 billion euro penalty last year and a
2.4-billion-euro sanction in 2017 over its anti-competitive
practices.
  
"
"AirPods finally support wireless charging. With Apple announcing new products each day this week, it certainly seems like Apple AirPower will launch, too."
"WASHINGTON, March 20 - The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday
put in jeopardy an $8.5 million settlement Google has agreed to
pay to resolve a class action lawsuit accusing it of violating a
federal privacy law by sharing users' search queries with other
websites.
  
"
"* EU's Vestager gives cautious welcome to its measures
(Adds Breakingviews link)
  
"
"A Lithuanian man on Wednesday
pleaded guilty to U.S. charges that he helped orchestrate a
scheme to defraud Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's
Google out of more than $100 million, federal
prosecutors announced.
  
"
"Kale joins the \"Dirty Dozen\" list this year. The list of fruits and vegetables with the most pesticide contamination also includes strawberries, spinach, nectarines, apples, grapes, peaches, cherries, pears, tomatoes, celery and potatoes."
"Social media firms, including Facebook, Google and Twitter, have committed to a three-hour time limit to comply with legal requests and orders of the Election Commission for taking down content in violation of 48-hour ?silence period? during the upcoming Lok Sabha election"
"WASHINGTON, March 20 - The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday
put in jeopardy an $8.5 million settlement Google made with
users to resolve a class action lawsuit accusing it of violating
their privacy by sharing users' search queries with other
websites.
  
"
"It seems any initial shock of an antitrust threat has worn off."
"Amazon has been more aggressively enforcing its policy of suspending ads if the product being promoted doesn't make money."
"Jim Cramer explains why a federal judge must remove Musk as CEO, install a watch on the board, or charge the Tesla co-founder for violating a court-approved order."
"A Google executive
offered new details on Wednesday about the company's upcoming
video game streaming service, telling Reuters that game makers
may use competing cloud providers and must avoid some
inappropriate content.
  
"
NA
"Apple was upgraded to strong buy from buy at Needham on Thursday, as the firm primarily sees Apple's ecosystem as having \"value upside.\""
"CNBC's Todd Haselton reviews the long-awaited Apple iPad Mini, a powerful but compact tablet that fans of the more compact form factor will love."
"Current CFO Bob Shanks is retiring at the end of the year, as had been widely expected."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Facebook said its artificial intelligence requires a large amount of content to learn patterns that would help it detect harmful content."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Thursday"
"While Google just got a third, and possibly final, EU fine on Wednesday, regulators still have their eyes on Amazon, Apple and Facebook"
"The intersection of the physical and digital worlds are still to be defined, according to Ikea Group's digital director Barbara Martin Coppola."
"Ford Motor Co on Thursday named
former Amazon.com Inc and Snap Inc executive
Tim Stone as chief financial officer, replacing Bob Shanks, who
will retire at the end of 2019.
  
"
"Apple has launched three new hardware products ahead of a big launch focused on its TV service."
"Ford Motor Co on Thursday named
Amazon.com Inc veteran Tim Stone as chief financial
officer, the automaker's first external hire for the role in
seven decades.
  
"
"Tesla Inc filed a lawsuit on
Thursday against a former engineer at the company, claiming he
copied the source code for its Autopilot technology before
joining a Chinese self-driving car startup in January.
  
"
"The passwords of up to 600 million users dating back to 2012 were stored as plain text on Facebook servers."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
has fixed an issue in which passwords of hundreds of millions of
platform users were found stored in readable format within its
internal systems.
  
"
"The billionaire co-founder of Microsoft reveals how he learns from books most effectively."
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday it
has resolved a glitch that exposed passwords of millions of
users stored in readable format within its internal systems to
its employees.
  
"
"The security slip left the passwords readable by the social networking giant's employees"
"Investment management company AMP
Capital appointed Thomas Preising as a senior adviser to its
infrastructure equity business.
  
"
"Presidential contender Elizabeth Warren wants Google, Amazon, and Facebook regulated as \"platform utilities.\" What would that mean for the companies' roles in education?
The post Elizabeth Warren Wants to Break Up Big Tech. What Would That Mean for Education? appeared first on Market Brief."
"Apple's stock rose more than 3 percent on Thursday, putting the stock on pace for its ninth positive day in the past 10 days of trading."
"Studies seek answers to worrying threat"
"* Reforms pit creative industries against Google, online
platforms
  
"
"Social media giant pushes back on the idea of time delays for live videos, but says it will re-examine its procedures and expand the categories for accelerated review"
"A tech rally led by Apple Inc
pushed Wall Street higher on Thursday as jitters over
the Federal Reserve's forecast of an economic slowdown were
calmed by upbeat economic data.
  
"
"Apple also came close to passing Microsoft again as the most valuable company."
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.84 pct, S&P 500 1.09 pct, Nasdaq 1.42
pct
(Updates to market close)
  
"
"Tesla Inc filed a lawsuit on
Thursday against a former engineer at the company, claiming he
copied the source code for its Autopilot technology before
joining a Chinese self-driving car startup in January.
  
"
"Apple Inc is
expected to launch an ambitious new entertainment and paid
digital news service on Monday, as the iPhone maker pushes back
against streaming video leader Netflix Inc. But it
likely will not feature the New York Times Co.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's vehicle deliveries
scheduled across Europe, China and North America should be a
\"primary priority\" for all employees during the last 10 days of
the first quarter, Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk said in an
email to employees on Thursday.
  
"
NA
"In the 24 hours after the New Zealand massacre, 1.5 million videos and images of the killings were uploaded to Facebook's servers, the company announced"
"In a Facebook post, Rahul Gandhi tagged a media report about 10,000 watchmen protesting against poor wages. \"At least, think about those behind whom you are hiding,\" Gandhi said in the post, attacking the PM who has launched a campaign -- 'Main bhi chowkidar' (I too am a watchman)."
"Australian department store
Myer will stop selling Apple Inc products due to the
sales being unprofitable, operator Myer Holdings said
on Friday.
  
"
"Australia's largest
department store operator Myer will stop selling \"unprofitable\"
Apple Inc products as part of its drive to focus on
higher-margin items, Myer Holdings said on Friday.
  
"
"Germany's Justice Minister on
Friday said she would hardly have expected such \"frightening
unprofessionalism\" from Facebook after the company acknowledged
a glitch that exposed passwords of millions of users to its
employees.
  
"
"* Agriculture traders grapple with low margins, trade
fallout
  
"
"With the stock back above its 200-day moving average, Strategic Wealth Partners' Mark Tepper says the \"ecosystem is incredibly strong,\" while Blue Line Futures' Bill Baruch says he's bullish on the name but investors should wait for a better entry."
"Apple's subscription news product will be missing major publications, like The New York Times."
"To win big pharmaceutical advertisers, Snap is positioning itself as a friendlier social network than Facebook and Twitter."
"RBI's counsel senior advocate Shyam Mehta told a bench of Chief Justice Naresh Patil and Justice N M Jamdar that the RBI had constituted a four-member expert committee last month to develop such software."
"\"Pretty fun to try out and see how A.I. and humans can be creative together,\" said Google CEO Sundar Pichai."
"Ahead of Monday's anticipated announcement of an Apple streaming service, media giant Netflix shouldn't be too worried, Mahaney said."
"Tesla Model 3 deliveries might be lower than previously expected in the first quarter, and slackening U.S. demand could be to blame, said Cowen analyst Jeff Osborne."
"Tim Cook has been touring China ahead of this weekend's China Development Forum, where he called for privacy regulation last year."
"Zoom competes with Microsoft and Google in video conferencing. And it's profitable, unlike most tech companies at the time of their IPO."
"Apple is going to reveal its long-awaited video service on Monday. The big open question is the pricing, and whether there will be any discounted bundles that encompass multiple services."
"Apple Inc is expected to unveil a new video streaming service and a news subscription platform at an event on Monday at its California headquarters.
  
"
"Czech search engine Seznam
urged Google on Friday to disclose more details about
its plan to boost rival search apps in Android smartphones,
saying it continued to lose users due to what it said were
Google's anti-competitive practices.
  
"
"Lawyers for Elon Musk said on
Friday that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had
failed to satisfy its heavy burden of showing that the Tesla Inc
chief executive should be held in contempt of court.
  
"
"Pinterest says changes by Google and Facebook in early 2018 negatively impacted its user growth."
"Move marks the tech giant's entry into wealth management space in India"
"Elon Musk's lawyers said that
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission failed to satisfy
its heavy burden of showing that the Tesla Inc chief
executive should be held in contempt, and the tweet prompting
its contempt motion was both proper and not material.
  
"
"Elon Musk's lawyers said that
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission failed to satisfy
its heavy burden of showing that the Tesla Inc chief
executive should be held in contempt, and the tweet prompting
its contempt motion was both proper and \"not material.\"
  
"
"From Jet Airways bailout plan to Amazon's grocery expansion plan, Business Standard brings you top 10 business stories that made news on Friday"
"Apple chief executive
Tim Cook nudged China on Saturday to open up and said the future
would depend on global collaboration, as the United States and
China remained locked in a bitter trade dispute.
  
"
"Apple CEO Tim Cook said Saturday that he is \"extremely bullish\" about the global economy based on the amount of innovation underway."
"At Tesla, questions in sales after CEO Elon Musk touts lenient return policy in a tweet."
"Without explicitly trying, Apple has built itself into a media colossus"
"Amazon.com Inc is combining some offerings in a way similar to Alphabet Inc.'s Google"
"Apple is expected to launch a new streaming TV service and news subscription app at a press event on March 25."
"The chief executive officer is expected to unveil streaming video and news subscriptions, key parts of Apple's push to transform itself into a leading digital services provider"
"Shares in Japan sold off sharply on Monday morning as investors grappled with concerns over the global economy."
"The retreat from direct competition with Netflix Inc and Amazon.com Inc's Prime Video service reflects the high cost -- in billions of dollars"
"Amat Cama and Richard Zhu of team Fluoroacetate exposed a vulnerability in the vehicle system during the Pwn2Own 2019 hacking competition, organised by Trend Micro's \"Zero Day Initiative (ZDI)\", held here this week."
"Apple Inc
is expected to finally lift the curtain on Monday on a
secretive, years-long effort to build a television and movie
offering designed to compete with big media companies and boost
digital services revenue as iPhone sales taper.
  
"
"re company that develops, produces and distributes innovative feature films and documentaries.

The company is dedicated to working with both world-renowned and emerging writers/filmmakers and committed to filmed entertainment that offers original voices in uniquely told stories. This is best exemplified by the Academy Award nominated Super Size Me; Sundance winner Gook written and directed by Justin Chon; the critically acclaimed feature debut by Francis Lee God?s Own Country; SXSW winner Most Beautiful Island; the high-school drama Blame directed, written, and starring Quinn Shephard; LGBTQ musical drama  Saturday Church; Allure starring Evan Rachel Wood; Warwick Thornton?s Australian western Sweet Country starring Sam Neill, Bryan Brown, and Hamilton Morris; the Wim Wenders film, starring James McAvoy and Academy Award winner Alicia Vikander, Submergence; the family film Zoo; Nancy, a psychological thriller starring Andrea Riseborough; Cold Skin from director Xavier Gens; and A Boy A Girl A Dream starring Omari Hardwick and Meagan Good. Upcoming releases include Ondi Timoner?s bio-pic Mapplethorpe starring Matt Smith, Russia?s historic drama Sobibor, Joseph Cross? directorial debut Summer Night, and the Karen Gillan & David Dastmalchian lead film All Creatures Here Below.

ABOUT THE H COLLECTIVE
Launched in 2017, and with offices in Los Angeles, The H Collective is a global film finance, production, marketing and distribution company that is producing and financing a diversified slate of high-quality films with strong Franchise IP potential. The slate includes Brightburn starring Elizabeth Banks which Sony will release on May 24th and Christopher Cantwell?s thriller The Parts You Lose starring Aaron Paul. The H Collective acquired the rights to Aaron W. Sala?s horror thriller spec The Beast and will produce the fourth installment of the xXx franchise starring Vin Diesel. For further information, visit: www.thehcollectivefilms.com.

	...
..."
"RBC Capital Markets says delivery issues and lackluster demand will plague Tesla earnings; analyst Spak cuts his stock forecast 14 percent."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Monday"
"The French Council of the Muslim
Faith (CFCM), a leading representative of Muslims in France, on
Monday said it was suing Facebook and YouTube after footage of
the Christchurch massacre was streamed on their platforms.
  
"
"1. Apple's big day: Apple is expected to launch its rumored streaming service during a press event on Monday."
"The eyes of the entertainment industry are all on Apple."
"* Apple down ahead of expected video streaming service
launch
  
"
"Apple Inc, which
later on Monday is expected to unveil a television and movie
streaming service, is also working on a games subscription
service for its App Store, Bloomberg reported on Monday, citing
people with knowledge of the plans.
  
"
"One of the main groups
representing Muslims in France said on Monday it was suing
Facebook and YouTube, accusing them of inciting violence
by allowing the streaming of footage of the Christchurch
massacre on their platforms.
  
"
"Apple is expected to announce new streaming TV and subscription news products at its annual spring event."
"Here's what to expect at the Apple event today: the world could see a Apple news service and a Netflix-style video streaming service."
"* Apple dips ahead of expected video streaming service
launch
  
"
"Apple Inc is expected to lift the curtain on Monday on a secretive, years-long effort to build a television and movie offering designed to compete with big media companies and boost digital services revenue as sales of its iPhone taper.
  
"
"Apple Inc
is expected to lift the curtain on Monday on a secretive,
years-long effort to build a television and movie offering
designed to compete with big media companies and boost digital
services revenue as sales of its iPhone taper.
  
"
"Share repurchases have seen four straight quarters of increases and hit a record $806 billion in 2018, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"The latest iteration of the News app will integrate magazines and more visual works of journalism."
"* Apple dips ahead of expected video streaming service
launch
  
"
"Apple prepared to lift the curtain on Monday on a television and movie streaming service that will allow users of its 1.4 billion gadgets to stream television shows and movies, both Apple originals and those from other creators, in a first step to challenge streaming video leaders Netflix and Amazon.
  
"
"Apple announced its streaming TV service on Monday. It includes HBO, Showtime, Starz, Epix and more and is called Apple TV Channels."
"Apple Inc on Monday launched 'Apple News Plus', a subscription-based service that gives access to 300 publications such as the Wall Street Journal and the Los Angeles Times, at a special event held at the Steve Jobs Theater at its Cupertino, California headquarters.
  
"
"Richard Zhu and Amat Cama won a hacking competition by exposing a security bug in the Tesla Model 3 system as well as a vulnerability in Apple's Safari browser."
"Apple is trying to develop revenue sources beyond its popular hardware products. For Goldman Sachs, its first credit card would continue a nascent push into consumer financial products."
"Apple prepared to
lift the curtain on Monday on a television and movie streaming
service that will allow users of its 1.4 billion gadgets to
stream television shows and movies, both Apple originals and
those from other creators, in a first step to challenge
streaming video leaders Netflix and Amazon.
  
"
"Apple News  will be incorporated into the existing Apple News app that comes pre-installed on iPhones, iPads, and Macs."
"'Mastering the Google beast' isn't as difficult as it sounds.
       
"
"Apple lifted the
curtain on Monday on a television and movie streaming service
that will allow users of its 1.4 billion gadgets worldwide to
stream television shows and movies, both Apple originals and
those from other creators, in a first step to challenge
streaming video leaders Netflix and Amazon.
  
"
"Apple Inc's new Apple News+ service consolidates popular newspaper and magazine subscriptions, which could appeal more to casual readers suffering from subscription fatigue than long-time fans of specific publications.
  
"
"Apple Inc launched Apple
Arcade on Monday, the company's game subscription service for
mobile devices, desktop computers and \"living room\" devices.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday launched \"News Plus\" service and a credit card at a special event held at Steve Jobs Theater at its Cupertino, California headquarters.
  
"
"Apple Inc launched Apple Arcade on Monday, the company's game subscription service for mobile devices, desktop computers and \"living room\" devices.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday launched a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc  that will be synched with iPhone users' Apple Wallet and can be used to buy Apple products at a discount.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday launched
Apple Arcade, the company's game subscription service for mobile
devices, desktop computers and \"living room\" devices.
  
"
"Apple lifted the curtain on Monday on a television and movie streaming service that will allow users of its 1.4 billion gadgets worldwide to stream television shows and movies, both Apple originals and those from other creators, in a first step to challenge streaming video leaders Netflix and Amazon.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on
Monday it will launch a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc
this summer that will be synched with iPhone users' Apple
Wallet and can be used to buy Apple products at a discount.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will launch a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc this summer that will be synched with iPhone users' Apple Wallet and can be used to buy Apple products at a discount.
  
"
"Apple Inc's new Apple News+
service consolidates popular newspaper and magazine
subscriptions, which could appeal more to casual readers
suffering from subscription fatigue than long-time fans of
specific publications.
  
"
"O, yes, they went there."
"Apple Inc
attempted to reintroduce itself on Monday as an entertainment
and financial services company that also makes iPhones as it
launched a streaming television service, a credit card and an
online gaming arcade.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Monday launched streaming and video game services, looking to tap into 1.4 billion users of its gadgets to counter slowing demand for its iPhones.
  
"
"Apple Inc unveiled an all new Apple TV app and a streaming service called Apple TV+ at an event on Monday at its California headquarters.
  
"
"* Apple dips ahead of expected video streaming service
launch
  
"
"Some experts in the space see a big opportunity for Apple to help consumers pay their medical bills, which is a notoriously challenging process."
"Apple Inc attempted to reintroduce itself on Monday as an entertainment and financial services company that also makes iPhones as it launched a streaming television service, a credit card and an online gaming arcade.
  
"
"Apple Inc's Apple News+ service will consolidate content from 300 popular magazines and newspapers for $10 a month, but at least one source will offer only selected articles instead of its entire library.
  
"
"Apple Inc
attempted to reintroduce itself on Monday as an entertainment
and financial services company that also makes iPhones as it
launched a streaming television service, a credit card and an
online gaming arcade.
  
"
"Apple Inc's Apple News+
service will consolidate content from 300 popular magazines and
newspapers for $10 a month, but at least one source will offer
only selected articles instead of its entire library.
  
"
"Apple News+ is based on Texture, the so-called \"Netflix for magazines\" app that Apple bought last year."
"Apple Inc unveiled its Apple TV+ original content streaming service and Apple TV Channels subscription service on Monday without a price tag, making it difficult to evaluate how the new ventures will stack up to Netflix Inc and other competitors.
  
"
"Apple Inc          unveiled its Apple
TV+ original content streaming service and Apple TV Channels
subscription service on Monday without a price tag, making it
difficult to evaluate how the new ventures will stack up to
Netflix Inc          and other competitors. 
    The Apple TV+ service features original content from 
Hollywood heavyweights like Steven Spielberg, J.J. Abrams and M.
Night Shyamalan and will launch this fall. It will be ad-free
and
  
"
"The S&P 500 ended a choppy
session slightly lower on Monday as worries about a slowdown in
global economic growth lingered and as Apple Inc shares
fell after the company unveiled its video streaming service.
  
"
"If Apple's reinvention as a services company, is going to change the way investors value Apple, they'll need more answers than CEO Tim Cook gave Monday."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook said on Monday that the company's new card \"is uniquely positioned to make the most significant change in the credit card experience in 50 years.\" Some credit card experts are underwhelmed."
"A federal judge in San
Francisco dismissed for the second time a securities fraud
lawsuit brought by Tesla Inc shareholders alleging that
the company made misleading comments about the production status
of its Model 3.
  
"
"* Apple shares fall after unveiling of streaming video
service
  
"
"A federal judge in San
Francisco dismissed for the second time a securities fraud
lawsuit brought by Tesla Inc shareholders alleging that
the company made misleading comments about the production status
of its Model 3.
  
"
"Apple Inc's Apple News+
service will consolidate content from 300 popular magazines and
newspapers for $10 a month, but at least one source will offer
only selected articles instead of its entire library.
  
"
"* Dow ends up as Boeing rises on plan to brief on 737 MAX
updates
  
"
"Apple TV+ is looking to add even more shows your already crowded must-watch list."
"Apple Inc
attempted to reintroduce itself on Monday as an entertainment
and financial services company that also makes iPhones as it
launched a streaming television service, a credit card and an
online gaming arcade.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on
Monday it will launch a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc
this summer that can be used to earn cash back on the
purchase of Apple products, but analysts suggest its rewards do
not stand out among rivals.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on
Monday it will launch a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc
this summer that will be synched with iPhone users' Apple
Wallet and can be used to buy Apple products at a discount.
  
"
"Apple Inc brought in Oprah
Winfrey, Steven Spielberg, Jennifer Aniston and Jason Momoa to
talk up its new television streaming service at a
Hollywood-style event on Monday marked by standing ovations,
hugs and soaring rhetoric.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Monday it will launch a credit card with Goldman Sachs Group Inc this summer that can be used to earn cash back on the purchase of Apple products, but analysts suggest its rewards do not stand out among rivals.
  
"
"Apple Inc
attempted to reintroduce itself on Monday as an entertainment
and financial services company that also makes iPhones as it
launched a streaming television service, a credit card and an
online gaming arcade.
  
"
"Jim Cramer explains why the analysts are wrong about Apple's new products and why investors should buy the stock."
"Apple's big event may have failed to impress investors on Monday ? but those investors are actually missing the point of the tech giant's new services, says Loup Ventures' Gene Munster."
"Apple Inc's Apple News+ service will offer content from 300 popular magazines and newspapers for just $10 a month. Unless you are wedded to print, it may be time to consider dumping your subscriptions.
  
"
"Apple Inc's Apple News+
service will offer content from 300 popular magazines and
newspapers for just $10 a month. Unless you are wedded to print,
it may be time to consider dumping your subscriptions.
  
"
"Residents of a remote Amazonian
region seized a small oil installation operated by Canadian
energy company PetroTal Corp to demand electricity and
other government services, an industry group said on Monday.
  
"
"One of the main groups
representing Muslims in France said on Monday it was suing
Facebook and YouTube, accusing them of inciting violence
by allowing the streaming of footage of the Christchurch
massacre on their platforms.
  
"
"The man, Evaldas Rimasauskas, 50, was involved in running a firm that controlled several accounts at banks in Latvia and Cyprus, according to a 2016 indictment filed in the US attorney?s office for the southern district of New York. He and unnamed associates were essentially posing as Quanta Computer, a hardware company based in Taiwan that has done business with Facebook and Google, Reuters reported."
"The French Council of the Muslim Faith (CFCM) said the companies had disseminated material that encouraged terrorism and harmed the dignity of human beings. There was no immediate comment from either company."
"Britain's FTSE 100 is seen
opening 25 points higher at 7,202 on Tuesday, according to
financial bookmakers, while FTSE 100 futures were down
0.01 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* MOSS BROS: British suit retailer Moss Bros Group
on Tuesday reported its first annual adjusted loss before tax
since 2011 and abandoned its final dividend payout as it
grappled with weak consumer demand and the fallout of Britain's
planned exit from the European Union.
* UNITED UTILITIES: Wa
  
"
"One of the major benefits of the Apple Card is that there are no fees involved - no annual, late, international or over-the-limit fees. Another benefit is that there is no penalty for late payment"
"Tesla said in a statement late Sunday the new plan will mean a three percent rise in the cost of the vehicles, but won't apply that to the lowest-priced Model 3, which is being sold for $35,000"
"Facebook Inc said on Tuesday it
has removed more accounts from Iran, Russia, Macedonia and
Kosovo, citing what it described as \"coordinated inauthentic
behavior.\"
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Tuesday it
has removed more accounts from Iran, Russia, Macedonia and
Kosovo, citing what it described as \"coordinated inauthentic
behavior.\"
  
"
"Facebook has removed more accounts from Iran, Russia, Macedonia and Kosovo, citing \"coordinated inauthentic behavior.\""
"Apple's latest offering of a credit card could become available internationally, the chief executive officer for Goldman Sachs International told CNBC Tuesday."
"Analysts were left with many questions unanswered at Apple's services event."
"Analysts are torn on Tesla, but technician Ari Wald says he's still in the negative camp even if he sees a potential 40 percent rally ahead."
"EU lawmakers endorsed on
Tuesday a preliminary deal on rewriting the bloc's two-decade
old copyright rules, which will force Google to pay
publishers and artists for using their work online.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"The law is aimed at bringing EU copyright rules into the 21st century to help artists and publishers whose works have been dispersed online."
"Alphabet unit
Google said on Tuesday that the Europe Union's copyright reforms
would produce legal uncertainty and hurt the bloc's creative and
digital economies.
  
"
"The card, revealed Monday at an elaborate Apple event, is hamstrung by the still-limited reach of Apple Pay, according to analysts led by Rod Hall, a senior equity analyst at the Goldman Sachs"
"Microsoft billionaire Bill Gates says artificial intelligence is \"so incredible, it will change society in some very deep ways.\""
"Robotic technology is transforming the way fruits are harvested."
"Adobe Inc and
Microsoft Corp are partnering to bolster each other's
sales and marketing software capabilities, taking aim at common
rival Salesforce.com Inc, they said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Huawei touted the phone's high-end camera features, with the more advanced P30 Pro coming with a quad-camera setup."
"Wall Street's main indexes opened
higher on Tuesday, for the first time in five sessions, as Apple
Inc led gains in technology stocks, while financials
were lifted by big banks.
  
"
"Apple News, which was relaunched on Monday with a premium Apple News+ section, was crashing on Tuesday when people tried to load stories."
"Apple stock is typically under pressure the day of its closely-watched media events and Monday was no exception."
"EU lawmakers have endorsed
an overhaul of the bloc's two-decade old copyright rules, which
will force Google and Facebook Inc to pay
publishers for use of news snippets and make them filter out
protected content.
  
"
"* Apple supports tech; Financials to snap 5-day losing
streak
  
"
"EU lawmakers have endorsed
an overhaul of the bloc's two-decade old copyright rules, which
will force Google and Facebook Inc to pay
publishers for use of news snippets and make them filter out
protected content.
  
"
"* Apple supports tech; Financials to snap 5-day losing
streak
  
"
"LinkedIn Mail and LinkedIn Sponsored Email are great tools for you to reach the non-Instagram, non-Facebook crowd.
       
"
"Oprah explained exactly why Apple's event on Monday mattered: the iPhone."
"Adobe Inc and
Microsoft Corp are partnering to bolster each other's
sales and marketing software capabilities, taking aim at common
rival Salesforce.com Inc, they said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Apple is working with Goldman Sachs and Mastercard to launch a credit card that some say poses a threat to fintech companies and regional banks."
"Apple's second-generation AirPods say that they support Apple's AirPower mat, which Apple hasn't talked about."
"She may have traded the talk show stage for the Apple stage, but Oprah Winfrey is still the same path-clearing, life-affirming, clarity-giving person she's always been."
"A U.S. trade judge on Tuesday
recommended Qualcomm Inc  be granted a request for an
import ban on some iPhones sold by Apple Inc.
  
"
"A U.S. trade judge on Tuesday
recommended Qualcomm Inc  be granted a request for an
import ban on some iPhones sold by Apple Inc.
  
"
"Google's previous robotics program was led by an executive who left amid sexual misconduct allegations."
"Alphabet Inc's
Google said on Tuesday it was launching a global advisory
council to consider ethical issues around artificial
intelligence and other emerging technologies.
  
"
"The new Apple Card will have a variable interest rate, and will probably be available to people with only fair credit scores. While it has no fees attached, there are new fees for the closely Apple Pay Cash service."
"A U.S. trade judge on Tuesday
recommended Qualcomm Inc  win a sales ban on some Apple
Inc iPhone models containing chips made by Intel Corp
in one of two patent disputes before the International
Trade Commission.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google said on Tuesday it was launching a global advisory
council to consider ethical issues around artificial
intelligence and other emerging technologies.
  
"
"A federal judge on Tuesday
scheduled an April 4 hearing to hear oral arguments in the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit seeking to hold Tesla
Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk in contempt.
  
"
"Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday lost a
bid to have imports of some Apple Inc iPhones banned in
a final ruling on one dispute between the two companies by the
full U.S. International Trade Commission.
  
"
"Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday lost a
bid to have imports of some Apple Inc iPhones banned in
a final and binding ruling on one dispute between the two
companies by the full U.S. International Trade Commission.
  
"
"Goldman Sachs Group Inc's
credit card deal with Apple Inc is the latest
move by the Wall Street investment bank to court mass-market
consumers, potentially connecting Goldman with hundreds of
millions of iPhone users.
  
"
"Goldman Sachs Group Inc's
credit card deal with Apple Inc is the latest
move by the Wall Street investment bank to court mass-market
consumers, potentially connecting Goldman with hundreds of
millions of iPhone users.
  
"
"Brazil's government has resumed studies to build a large hydroelectric power plant in the northern border state Roraima, which currently relies on the shaky Venezuelan grid, officials at state energy planning agency EPE told Reuters.
  
"
"Lawyers for Elon Musk and the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission will square off in a
Manhattan courtroom next week over whether the Tesla Inc
chief executive should be held in contempt over one of
his tweets.
  
"
"Split decisions on Tuesday by a U.S.
government panel in  acrimonious patent disputes between
iPhone-maker Apple and chip supplier Qualcomm left the battle
lines largely unmoved ahead of a U.S Federal Trade Commission
ruling and a major trial next month.
  
"
"Split decisions on Tuesday by a U.S.
government panel in  acrimonious patent disputes between
iPhone-maker Apple and chip supplier Qualcomm left their battle
lines largely unchanged ahead of a U.S Federal Trade Commission
ruling and a major trial next month.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc?s
Google plans to announce a memorandum of understanding
with Cuban telecoms monopoly ETECSA on Thursday to explore ways
of improving connectivity on the Communist-run island, a person
familiar with matter told Reuters.
  
"
"* Investors ponders implications of inverted U.S. yield
curve
  
"
"Split decisions on Tuesday by a U.S.
government panel in  acrimonious patent disputes between
iPhone-maker Apple and chip supplier Qualcomm left their battle
lines largely unchanged ahead of a U.S Federal Trade Commission
ruling and a major trial next month.
  
"
"The original complaint linked that patent only to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but it was unclear which models would be affected by this decision"
"German carmaker Volkswagen
and Amazon.com Inc have agreed on a
strategic partnership to create a kind of \"industry cloud\", for
which details will soon be announced, Germany's Sueddeutsche
newspaper reported on Wednesday.
  
"
"Xpeng Motors, a Chinese rival to Tesla, is looking at a public listing, possibly in the United States, its CEO He Xiaopeng told CNBC on Wednesday."
"US District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled oral argument on an SEC contempt motion for April 4 at 1800 GMT, after both sides said they saw no need for an evidentiary hearing"
"Volkswagen on
Wednesday said it has teamed up with Amazon Web Services to link
up and integrate the data from 122 VW Group plants, machines and
systems, as a way to improve its production systems and
processes.
  
"
"Goldman Sachs Group Inc's
credit card deal with Apple Inc is the latest
move by the Wall Street investment bank to court mass-market
consumers, potentially connecting Goldman with hundreds of
millions of iPhone users.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"In light of Fisker Automotive's spectacular meltdown, the former designer's new venture has raised some skepticism."
"Google CEO Sundar Pichai will meet the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in D.C. on Wednesday to discuss its AI work in China."
"Bank of America's Cathy Bessant joins a few industry voices, including analysts at Goldman Sachs, the bank partner for the Apple Card, to downplay the new card."
"Users are still reporting problems with Apple's laptop keyboards, even on the latest models."
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday
announced a ban on praise, support and representation of white
nationalism and separatism on its social media platforms,
furthering its efforts to tackle hate speech.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday banned
praise, support and representation of white nationalism and
white separatism on its social media platforms, bolstering its
efforts to tackle hate speech.
  
"
"Pichai is in Washington to address Google's work in China, where it's reportedly planning a censored search engine."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk sent another email to employees Wednesday to clear up confusion around the company's store closure plans."
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said he met with the chief executive of Alphabet Inc's
Google on Wednesday and discussed \"political fairness\" and the
company's business in China.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said he met with the chief executive of Alphabet Inc's
Google on Wednesday and discussed \"political fairness\" and the
company's business in China.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said he met with the chief executive of Alphabet Inc's
Google on Wednesday and discussed \"political fairness\" and the
company's business in China.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said he met with the chief executive of Alphabet Inc's
Google on Wednesday and discussed \"political fairness\" and the
company's business in China.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday banned
praise, support and representation of white nationalism and
white separatism on its social media platforms, a shift in
policy after criticism by civil rights groups that it was
failing to confront extremism.
  
"
"Alex Stamos, Facebook's former chief security officer, said Zuckerberg is sitting on a whole lot of data about people's online decision making."
"U.S. President Donald Trump
said he met with the chief executive of Alphabet Inc's
Google on Wednesday and discussed \"political fairness\" and the
company's business in China.
  
"
"US Prez Donald Trump after his meeting with Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that Pichai is \"totally committed to the US Military, not the Chinese Military\". Google in its statement said that the company discussed investing in the future of the American workforce with Trump and about its \"ongoing commitment to working with the US govt\"."
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday banned
praise, support and representation of white nationalism and
white separatism, a move that drew qualified approval from New
Zealand where a massacre of 50 people in mosques was live
streamed earlier this month.
  
"
NA
"?As many as 3,593 Model 3s have been registered so far in March, according to independent website Teslastats.no."
"According to Tesla, it has installed a bank of 42 Powerpacks at a train station in Japan's Osaka that can provide sufficient backup power to safely move a train and its passengers to the nearest station in the event of a power outage"
"Pontegadea Inmobiliaria, the
real estate arm of the founder of fashion group Inditex
, Amancio Ortega, this week completed the purchase of
two Seattle office blocks leased to Amazon, a
Pontegadea spokesman said on Thursday.
  
"
"Shivam Shankar Singh, who headed data analytics and campaigns for the BJP for the Manipur and Tripura Legislative Assembly elections before resigning from the party, claims every party will work to create fake news on WhatsApp groups, Facebook pages and as many media to reach a voter as possible."
"The U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development on Thursday charged Facebook Inc for
violating the Fair Housing Act by encouraging, enabling and
causing housing discrimination in advertising on its platforms.
  
"
"Until last week Facebook allowed employers or landlords to limit their audiences on the basis of race, ethnicity or gender."
"The U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) charged Facebook Inc on Thursday
with violating the Fair Housing Act, alleging that the company's
targeted advertising discriminated on the basis of race and
color.
  
"
"Amazon will reportedly add 800 jobs to its Austin location focused on engineering, research science and cloud computing."
"The Mac mini has much to recommend it for graphic and UX designers who won?t mind its lack of 3D power."
"The multi-year, global agreement was announced on Wednesday."
"The U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) charged Facebook Inc on Thursday
with violating the Fair Housing Act, alleging that the company's
targeted advertising discriminated on the basis of race and
color.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc?s Google
signed a deal with Cuban telecoms monopoly ETECSA on Thursday to
negotiate an agreement to improve internet traffic exchange
between their two networks and connectivity on the Communist-run
island.
  
"
"Kwamaine Jerell Ford has pleaded guilty to logging into Apple accounts belonging to high-profile professional athletes and musicians without authorization and stealing credit card information from several of those victims."
"Google and Facebook paid out $23 million and $100 million respectively to a cybercriminal from Lithuania, who pleaded guilty to wire fraud in New York this week."
"Alphabet Inc?s Google
signed a deal with Cuban telecoms monopoly ETECSA on Thursday to
work toward improving internet traffic exchange between their
two networks and connectivity on the Communist-run island.
  
"
"Warren Buffett was skeptical of Apple's recent push into streaming video content in an interview on CNBC."
"The Trump administration accused
Facebook Inc on Thursday of selling targeted advertising
that discriminated on the basis of race in violation of the U.S.
Fair Housing Act.
  
"
"Warren Buffett on Thursday said he
could not predict the success of Apple Inc's new suite
of services but was confident the public would benefit as
content providers vie for their wallets.
  
"
"The data provides fresh insight into the themes and strategies that the Trump campaign is employing in the earliest days of the 2020 election cycle."
"Buffett showed off his vintage technology during a during a talk Thursday at The Gatehouse's Hands Up for Success luncheon."
"The Trump administration accused
Facebook Inc on Thursday of selling targeted advertising
that discriminated on the basis of race in violation of the U.S.
Fair Housing Act.
  
"
"Amazon Web Services (AWS), a
unit of Amazon.com Inc, said on Thursday it will open a
Latin American computer center in Colombia and help train 2,000
students in digital technology.
  
"
"Jim Cramer breaks down Apple's Goldman Sachs-backed credit card and explains why it will rise to be the best of its new group of offerings."
"Facebook Inc
toughened its rules on political advertising in Europe on
Friday under pressure from EU regulators to do more to guard
against foreign meddling in the bloc's upcoming legislative
election.
  
"
"Abdullah Khan (21) may have failed to crack the entrance for IITs, but he has bagged an offer that many IITians would envy. Early this week, Khan landed a job at Google's London office, for a package of Rs 1.2 crore. Khan, who is doing his final year BE (computer science), will join Google's site reliability engineering team in September."
"The Trump administration accused
Facebook Inc on Thursday of selling targeted advertising
that discriminated on the basis of race, in violation of the
U.S. Fair Housing Act.
  
"
"Amazon Web Services (AWS), a
unit of Amazon.com Inc, said on Thursday it will open a
Latin America infrastructure location in Colombia and help train
2,000 students in cloud technology.
  
"
"China's Huawei
Technologies, the world's third-biggest maker of
smartphones, turned in a higher annual profit on record handset
sales even as it continued to grapple with heightened global
scrutiny amid allegations of espionage.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Thursday
the company removed 200 pages, groups and accounts on Facebook
and Instagram in the Philippines, citing \"coordinated
inauthentic behavior\".
  
"
"21-year-old engineering student from Mumbai, Abdullah Khan was spotted by Google on a website that hosts online programming challenges"
"If you're an internet user in Europe, chances are the way you use platforms like YouTube and Facebook could be about to shift drastically."
"* The firm is in talks with a potential global
customer-source
(Adds GM announcement, comments)
  
"
"It follows controversy over how Facebook handled attempts by Russia to use political advertising as a means to sway public opinion."
"The deal comes after GM closed one of its four South Korean plants in late May and let go thousands of workers, as part of a global restructuring drive which culminated in a major financial support package from the South Korean government"
"* Accounts were involved in \"coordinated inauthentic
behavior\"
  
"
"Volkswagen has
selected Siemens as its integration partner to help
connect its 122 plants to Amazon's cloud in an effort
to raise efficiency in production, the two German companies
announced on Friday.
  
"
"* Accounts were involved in \"coordinated inauthentic
behavior\"
  
"
"Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn
reported a smaller than expected fall in quarterly
profit, despite warning signs from key customers including Apple
Inc that demand for tech electronics is softening.
  
"
"Amazon Web Services (AWS), a
unit of Amazon.com Inc, said on Thursday it will open a
Latin America infrastructure location in Colombia and help train
2,000 students in cloud technology.
  
"
"Mixing work issues with personal issues can lead to a lot of problems."
"Alphabet's CapitalG put $500 million in Lyft in late 2017, and is generating a big return to go along with its Uber investment."
"Facebook Inc Chief Operating
Officer Sheryl Sandberg said on Friday the company was looking
to place restrictions on who can go live on its platform based
on certain criteria in the aftermath of the Christchurch
massacre.
  
"
"AirPower was first revealed in 2017, but after a year of delays, Apple confirmed it did not plan to release it."
"Apple Inc on Friday said it is
canceling the AirPower wireless charging mat that the company
announced in 2017 on the same day as its iPhone X, a rare public
retreat for the gadget maker known for splashy product launches.
  
"
"The computers on salvaged Tesla vehicles still contain tons of information about previous owners, including video, location and navigational data showing exactly what happened leading up to a crash, according to a security researcher."
"This follows the board's earlier decision to hike authorised share capital"
"The Facebook CEO said new regulations are needed on harmful content, election integrity, privacy and data portability."
"The security chief for
Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos said on Saturday that
the Saudi government had access to Bezos' phone and gained
private information from it.
  
"
"Facebook Chief Executive
Mark Zuckerberg called on Saturday for regulators to play a
\"more active role\" in establishing rules that govern the
internet, as the world's largest social media network struggles
to defuse criticism.
  
"
"Bezos is also the owner of The Washington Post, which has run critical coverage of the Trump administration and the Saudi government."
"The investigator hired to look into the release of intimate images of Jeff Bezos said Sunday he has concluded that Saudi Arabian authorities hacked the Amazon chief's phone to access his personal data."
"A number of government entities are thought to still be investigating Facebook's data policies, which could amount to hefty fines."
"A new study shows rising rates of mental health incidents among teens and young adults, while rates for older generations remain stable. The findings point to possible generational causes such as technology use, a psychologist says."
"Apple supplier Japan
Display Inc said on Monday it aims to raise as much as
$990 million in new financing as early as this week, sending
shares of the struggling manufacturer sharply higher.
  
"
"The credit rating, a first for Aramco, offers the first glimpse into the accounts of the company, which have remained secret since its nationalization in the late 1970s"
"But unlike Bezos?s blog, which had screenshots of mails from an Enquirer executive, Gavin de Becker, the security chief, did not provide any proof for his claim. He also wrote that he would not speak again publicly on the issue. It thus complicates an already messy ? and dirty ? scandal that began when the Enquirer started publishing stories on Bezos's impending divorce from his wife."
"Facebook has removed 103
pages, groups and accounts that were part of a network it said
was linked to employees of the Pakistani military's public
relations arm, the social media group announced on Monday.
  
"
"\"While the people behind this activity attempted to conceal their identities, our review found that it was connected to individuals associated with an INC (Indian National Congress) IT Cell,\" Nathaniel Gleicher, head of cybersecurity policy at Facebook, said in a statement."
"\"We obey the Word,\" priests said in a Facebook post showing photographs of the public book burning and quoting Biblical passages from the book of Deuteronomy in the Old Testament."
"These include 138 Facebook pages and 549 profiles and have hundreds of thousands of followers"
"Saudi Aramco, the world's biggest
oil producer, made core earnings of $224 billion last year,
almost three times as much as Apple, figures from the
state-owned company showed on Monday ahead of its debut
international bond issue.
  
"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's cry for stricter internet regulation, including widespread adoption of European-style rules, has left some privacy advocates in Europe unimpressed."
"Facebook has removed 103
pages, groups and accounts that were part of a network it said
was linked to employees of the Pakistani military's public
relations arm, the social media group announced on Monday.
  
"
"* Most accounts linked to Indian Congress party, Pakistan
military
  
"
"The new feature shows users the reasoning behind Facebook's ranking of posts from friends, pages and groups on their News Feed."
"Following reports that Facebook has taken down 687 pages linked to an IT cell of the Congress, the party clarified that none of its official pages, run by INC or by the verified volunteers, were taken down. ?The Congress, which has earlier said that it will have to check the veracity of the report, has also sought a list of pages/accounts taken down by Facebook."
"On stage at an investor
conference last month, Google's Chief Business Officer Philipp
Schindler identified a vexing challenge for the company's most
prized app: its virtual assistant.
  
"
"* Secretive state-owned firm forced to open books for bond
deal
  
"
"The price cuts come as iPhone sales have fallen in China."
"
\"I am truly heartened that truth and justice have prevailed today. Even in the face of the barrage of false allegations against me, I have constantly maintained that I will cooperate fully with all investigations and I firmly believe that the truth will speak for itself. My unwavering faith in the judicial system has been vindicated. I am deeply grateful to all my friends and well wishers who have given me strength and support throughout,\" Vadra wrote on Facebook."
"Saudi Aramco is by far the most profitable company in the world, according to financial data disclosed by the state-run oil giant in Saudi Arabia."
"* Most accounts affected linked to Congress or Pakistan
military
  
"
"Facebook is lifting the
lid on the algorithm that decides which posts appear in its news
feed, as part of a drive to be more transparent and offer
greater control to users.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc is
now accepting cash payments at Mexico's top corner store chain,
Oxxo, the two said on Monday, opening a major channel for the
e-commerce leader to reach millions of people in the country who
rely heavily on cash.
  
"
"The dedicated news tab sounds similar to Facebook's Watch tab for video."
"Amazon.com Inc is
now accepting cash payments at Mexico's top corner store chain,
Oxxo, the two said on Monday, opening a major channel for the
e-commerce leader to reach millions of people in the country who
rely heavily on cash.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Facebook Inc plans to create a
separate news page on its platform where publishers will be able
to make money, Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said on
Monday.
  
"
"Apple's new iPhones will also be able to wirelessly charge other devices, like AirPods, Kuo says."
"* Most accounts affected linked to Congress or Pakistan
military
  
"
"Social media giant Facebook, on Monday, removed 687 pages and accounts with alleged links to the Congress IT cell for \"engaging in coordinated inauthentic behaviour\". BJP used the announcement to attack Congress for spreading \"fake news\". Congress, meanwhile, denied that the suspended pages and accounts were linked to the party."
"Tesla Inc will pay
a $31,000 penalty and purchase $55,000 in emergency response
equipment for a California city under a settlement reached with
the Environmental Protection Agency over federal hazardous waste
violations at its automotive factory, the government said
Monday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will pay
a $31,000 penalty and purchase $55,000 in emergency response
equipment for a California city under a settlement reached with
the Environmental Protection Agency over federal hazardous waste
violations at its automotive factory, the government said
Monday.
  
"
"Jim Cramer breaks down how investors can make money from the IPO boom without investing directly in them."
"Jim Cramer explains why the stocks of Exxon, Apple, United Technologies, and other names give insight into what's next for Wall Street."
"A group led by California's first partner Jennifer Siebel Newsom launched a new campaign to raise awareness of the gender pay gap as part of an effort to achieve pay equality for women."
NA
"Apple supplier Japan
Display Inc said on Monday it aims to raise as much as
$990 million in new financing as early as this week, sending
shares of the struggling manufacturer sharply higher.
  
"
"April on Amazon Prime brings Bond movies, the Blade trilogy, and season 5 of Bosch!
The post What?s New to Stream on Amazon Prime Video for April 2019 appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"Apple Inc and other
consumer brands lowered prices for their products in China on
Monday as a cut in the country's value-added tax (VAT) rate came
into effect.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google South
East Asia and India Vice-President Rajan Anandan will leave the
firm at the end of April, Google Asia Pacific President Scott
Beaumont said on Tuesday.
  
"
"
Eva A-7063a documentary film by Ted Green, Mika Brown and WFYI aboutEva Mozes Kor?s story of survival in Auschwitz!.

As a 10-year-old ?Mengele Twin,? Eva Kor suffered some of the worst of the Holocaust. At 50, she launched the biggest manhunt in history. Now in her 80s, she circles the globe to promote the lesson her journey has taught: Healing through forgiveness.

Eva is a triumph of hope, and this film is her legacy piece. \"Eva is more than just a story,\" says actor Elliot Gould. \"She's a revelation of what's possible in the human condition.\"

Narrated by Hollywood icon Ed Asner, \"Eva: A-7063\" tells the full, astonishing story of this historic figure for the first time, tracking her from Auschwitz to Israel to the United States - even into the U.S. Capitol for her jaw-dropping arrest - and ultimately to her courageous return to the Nazi death camp.


	
"
"Apple Inc and other
consumer brands lowered prices for their products in China on
Monday as a cut in the country's value-added tax (VAT) rate came
into effect from April 1.
  
"
"Beaumont, in a statement, said: \"We are grateful to Rajan for his huge contribution to Google over the past eight years. His entrepreneurial zeal and leadership has helped grow the overall internet ecosystem in India and Southeast Asia, and we wish him all the best in his new adventures.\""
"Walmart customers will be able to order groceries with voice commands through Google's smart-home assistant, the retail giant announced on Tuesday in its latest effort to compete with Amazon."
"Microsoft Corp and
BMW Group on Tuesday launched an initiative to create
an Open Manufacturing Platform that seeks to stimulate
industrial innovation and speed the development of connected
'smart' factories.
  
"
"A Swiss court has backed Swatch
Group in a trademark row with Apple Inc over
the watchmaker's use of the \"Tick different\" slogan, which Apple
had decried as an infringement of its \"Think Different\"
advertising campaign.
  
"
"* Microsoft-BMW alliance seeks 4-6 partners this year
(Updates with details, Amazon-Volkswagen context)
  
"
"Ari Wald says Amazon's chart points to an acceleration of gains, while Gina Sanchez is bullish on the company due to strong fundamentals."
"Facebook added a feature to make its Instagram platform a more efficient place for social media users to shop and buy, which Deutsche Bank believes \"can drive monetization\" further for the app."
"Pakistani social
media campaigner Hanzala Tayyab leads about 300
ultra-nationalist cyber warriors fighting an internet war with
arch-foe India, in a battle that is increasingly sucking in
global tech giants such as Twitter and Facebook.
  
"
"\"Amazon will stop at nothing to take away the share that Walmart has gained,\" CNBC's Jim Cramer says."
"Apple and luxury
labels such as Gucci have lowered their prices in China after a
cut in its value-added tax (VAT) rate came into effect from
April 1.
  
"
"These are the stocks posting the largest moves midday Tuesday."
"
Introducing the new trailer for \"Eva,\" our documentary about Holocaust survivor Eva Mozes Kor. Voices include, among others, top national experts in the Holocaust, the Mengele Twins and the Mengele manhunt, along with the narration of the inimitable Ed Asner.


	

"
"
?4:30 pm April 1st Facing The Dragon, AFGHANISTAN, 82min.
Afghan-American filmmaker Sedika Mojadidi follows two extraordinary Afghan women, a politician and a journalist, to examine what is happening to women as American troops and international aid pull out of Afghanistan. Through Sedika?s perspective, we see how women on the front lines struggle to keep their rights and their families safe in a country where lawlessness and violence are only increasing.
\"Extremely moving documentary: in the middle of taliban attacks, threats on their lives we follow two women and their families, a journalist and a member of parliament. Stay and face the danger and serve or leave the country, they choose opposite paths. \"
Bruno Chatelin"
"Facebook's executives are still experiencing a crisis of public trust. Here's how they could have managed it, suggests Roger McNamee."
"Pro-Trump super PAC funded by billionaire banker Andrew Beal used its funds to initiate a three month long social media campaign to support President Trump in the buildup to the 2016 presidential election."
"Apple has started to send push notifications to sell its own monthly services. Some app developers say that's not allowed."
"Cybersecurity experts say they want more information to back up the stunning claims that Saudi Arabia may have been involved in a plot to hack Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' cell phone."
"Facebook Inc is much
better than it was in 2016 at tackling election interference but
cannot guarantee the site will not be used to undermine European
Parliament elections in May, Chief Executive Officer Mark
Zuckerberg said on Tuesday.
  
"
"With a combined population of 1.5 billion, India and Pakistan are hot growth markets for Facebook and Twitter"
"Pakistani social
media campaigner Hanzala Tayyab leads about 300
ultra-nationalist cyber warriors fighting an internet war with
arch-foe India, in a battle that is increasingly sucking in
global tech giants such as Twitter and Facebook.
  
"
"Internet companies dominate the top 10 spots in LinkedIn's fourth edition of the '2019 Top Companies' list for India."
"Advanced Micro Devices shot higher after one brokerage initiated coverage with a buy rating and said that profit is set for strong growth."
"Matt Maley says Facebook's chart indicates the possible beginning of an uptrend, while Erin Gibbs says the company's fundamentals are strong."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Wednesday"
"In September, Margrethe Vestager, the head of competition policy in Europe, opened a preliminary probe into Amazon's use of data on its third-party merchants."
"UBS thinks the lack of a 5G-capable iPhone by next year is \"not good\" for Apple but the impact of the delay will likely be mitigated by the slowing speed customers are replacing old iPhones."
"Your Amazon Echo might have a flashing red, green, yellow, orange or purple light. Here's what those lights mean and how to get rid of them."
"The growing market power of
a small fraction of companies in wealthy countries could crimp
investment and hurt workers, the International Monetary Fund
said on Wednesday, as the growing role of tech giants like
Google fuels debate about regulation of the industry.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday changed
the privacy settings on its WhatsApp messaging platform,
allowing users to decide who can add them to chat groups.
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
has signed a memorandum setting in motion a way to address
trafficking of counterfeit goods through third-party online
marketplaces, White House economic adviser Peter Navarro said on
Wednesday.
  
"
"President Donald Trump has
signed a memorandum setting in motion a way to address
trafficking of counterfeit goods through third-party online
market places, White House economic adviser Peter Navarro said
on Wednesday.
  
"
"Apple News+ got 200,000 to sign up for a free trial. But that's a fraction of the iPhones that could've signed up."
"Trump's effort comes as major online marketplaces such as Amazon, Alibaba and eBay have struggled to control the sale of fake products from third-party vendors."
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday changed
the privacy settings on its WhatsApp messaging platform,
allowing users to decide who can add them to chat groups, as it
tries to revamp its image after growing privacy concerns among
users.
  
"
"The report showed women gained ground in technical jobs"
"Austria says the tax aimed to stop the \"unfairness\" of internet giants such as Google and Facebook who route their sales through subsidiaries in low-tax EU members."
"Whole Foods' price cuts debuting Wednesday may mean past reductions didn't do their job, former Walmart U.S. CEO and President Bill Simon said."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Amazon has quietly removed some of its most aggressive promotions for private label products, following increased regulatory scrutiny of tech giants in recent months."
"Beats announced new Powerbeats Pro headphones on Wednesday with a form factor similar to AirPods but with a sportier design."
"Millions of Facebook Inc's user
records were inadvertently posted on Amazon.com Inc's
cloud computing servers in plain sight, researchers at
cybersecurity firm UpGuard reported https://www.upguard.com/breaches/facebook-user-data-leak
on Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook said last month it resolved a glitch that exposed passwords of millions of users stored in readable format within its internal systems to its employees."
"Researchers from the cybersecurity firm UpGuard found that Facebook user account information was exposed on Amazon cloud servers."
"Customs agents stopped a well-known Apple employee and asked to see the contents of his devices, which may have contained trade secrets."
"
"
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it
had taken down the data bases containing its user data from
Amazon.com Inc's cloud servers after a report from
cybersecurity firm UpGuard pointed to millions of exposed
records.
  
"
"Giving a peek into the businesses he admires, Tata said initially Bose was a favourite but the affinities have shifted to Apple and Google"
"Brazil has proposed a
compromise to a seven-year battle that has quietly raged over
the Amazon.com internet domain: let the nations bordering the
world's largest rainforest co-govern the digital address with
the biggest online retailer.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday changed
the privacy settings on its WhatsApp messaging platform,
allowing users to decide who can add them to chat groups, as it
tries to revamp its image after growing privacy concerns among
users.
  
"
"Facebook Inc
directs advertising to audiences in ways that could promote
racial and gender discrimination, a new study showed, adding to
allegations that prompted the U.S. government to sue the world's
largest social media company last week.
  
"
"Investors expected demand for Tesla's electric vehicles to slide during the first quarter as buyers of its energy efficient cars lost some key federal tax credits and the company faced falling demand for its luxury lineup."
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday
that it removed public databases containing its user data on
Amazon.com Inc's cloud servers after cybersecurity firm
UpGuard discovered  millions of exposed records.
  
"
"The records were accessible and downloadable for anyone who could find them online, and they didn't get taken down until April 3, after Facebook contacted Amazon"
"The ruling party BJP spent as much as Rs 1.21 crore on 554 political ads since February 19."
"Apart from limited period discount and HDFC bank cashback offer, customers can also avail a no cost equated monthly instalment from Bajaj Finance and HDFC bank consumer loans"
"These unlikely allies are part of Walmart's move to crack the country's giant consumer market, taking on e-commerce arch-rival Amazon.com Inc. and Asia's richest man, Mukesh Ambani"
NA
"Apple Inc has cut
prices of one of its latest iPhones in India by around
one-fourth, sources said, as the U.S. tech giant looks to boost
sales in the world's second-biggest smartphone market following
a similar move in China.
  
"
"Apple Inc has cut
prices of one of its latest iPhones in India by around
one-fourth, sources said, as the U.S. tech giant looks to boost
sales in the world's second-biggest smartphone market following
a similar move in China.
  
"
"Lawyers for Tesla Inc
Chief Executive Elon Musk will argue on Thursday that he did not
violate a fraud settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and should not be held in contempt, the latest twist
in a high-profile battle between the billionaire and the
government.
  
"
"Wall Street analysts were very disappointed in Tesla's first-quarter delivery and production figures."
"Tesla may have just hurt Elon Musk's own case in his battle with the SEC, according to J.P. Morgan."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Thursday"
"Tesla reiterated its annual delivery guidance of 360,000-400,000 vehicles, but that target will be tougher to hit after a disappointing first quarter and a declining federal tax credit."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Afghan security forces have
arrested six alleged members of the Islamic State militant group
and accused them of using hundreds of fake accounts on Facebook
Inc and other social media  to find recruits, authorities
said on Thursday.
  
"
"EU antitrust regulators
should consider forcing tech giants such as Google and
Amazon to share their data with rivals rather than
break them up, three academics enlisted by the European
Commission said on Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's messaging app
WhatsApp on Thursday launched its WhatsApp Business app for
Apple Inc's iOS operating system, allowing small
businesses to communicate with customers through the platform.
  
"
"Facebook came under fire in recent weeks after a video of the attack in Christchurch, which killed 50 people, was livestreamed and widely circulated on its platform."
"It's safe to say that the EU's antitrust chief isn't afraid of a challenge."
"Facebook Inc's Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg is confident the world's biggest social
network will do better in 2020 at stopping \"bad actors\" from
manipulating the U.S. presidential election.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's $1.8 billion junk
bond price fell by the most in seven months and the cost to
insure its debt against default surged on Thursday after a
bigger-than-expected drop in first-quarter deliveries.
  
"
"Apple's HomePod only accounts for 6% of installed smart speakers in the United States, according to one study."
"Amazon is moving more deeply into the $3.5 trillion health care sector."
"Amazon is planning to build a network of more than 3,000 satellites federal filings reveal, in an ambitious attempt to provide global internet access."
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.50%, S&P 0.17%, Nasdaq 0.17%
(Updates to open)
  
"
"Lawyers for Tesla Inc
Chief Executive Elon Musk will argue on Thursday that he did not
violate a fraud settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and should not be held in contempt, the latest twist
in a high-profile battle between the billionaire and the
government.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc plans to build a
network of over 3,000 satellites through a new initiative
\"Project Kuiper\", an attempt by the e-commerce giant to provide
internet access, according to multiple filings made with the
International Telecommunication Union last month.
  
"
"Lawyers for Tesla Inc
Chief Executive Elon Musk will argue on Thursday that he did not
violate a fraud settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and should not be held in contempt, the latest twist
in a high-profile battle between the billionaire and the
government.
  
"
"A new study says the way Facebook's platform decides who should see an ad can skew ad delivery in ways advertisers don't intend."
"Facebook Inc on Thursday launched
a business version of its WhatsApp messaging app for Apple Inc's
iOS, more than a year after the service was rolled out
for Android users.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Echo in the Canyon also features David Crosby, the late Tom Petty, and others"
"MacKenzie Bezos shared on Twitter Thursday that her and ex-husband Jeff Bezos completed the process of dissolving their marriage."
"The 'Drive' director has made the jump to Amazon for a 10-episode series that promises to fully embrace his divisive style.
The post Nicolas Winding Refn?s ?Too Old To Die Young? Will Probably Test Your Patience appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"Shares of Roku sank more than 9 percent on Thursday as traders reacted to a report that Amazon is planning to expand its streaming service."
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk arrived in Manhattan federal court on
Thursday for a hearing on whether he violated a fraud agreement
and should be held in contempt, the latest twist in a
high-profile battle between the billionaire and the government.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Thursday
confirmed its plan to build a network of over 3,000 satellites
through \"Project Kuiper\" to provide high speed internet.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk arrived at Manhattan federal court on
Thursday, CNBC reported, for a hearing on whether he violated a
fraud agreement and should be held in contempt, the latest twist
in a high-profile battle between the billionaire and the
government.
  
"
"MacKenzie Bezos, ex-wife of Amazon.com
Inc founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos,
will give 75 percent of their stake in the company and all
voting rights to the billionaire entrepreneur.
  
"
"The Tesla CEO said he respects the US judicial process, but chuckled when asked if he felt the same about the SEC as he entered court."
"A federal judge in Manhattan
began considering on Thursday whether Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk should be held in contempt for violating a
fraud agreement, the latest twist in a high-profile battle
between the billionaire and the government.
  
"
"MacKenzie Bezos, ex-wife of Amazon.com
Inc founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos,
will give 75 percent of their stake in the company and all
voting rights to the billionaire entrepreneur.
  
"
"Jeff Bezos will remain the largest shareholder of the e-commerce giant valued at almost $900 billion."
"MacKenzie Bezos, ex-wife of Amazon.com
Inc founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos,
will give 75 percent of their stake in the company and all
voting rights to the billionaire entrepreneur as part of their
divorce settlement.
  
"
"A federal judge in Manhattan
began considering on Thursday whether Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk should be held in contempt for violating a
fraud agreement, the latest battle the government has waged over
the billionaire's tweets.
  
"
"Tesla was in a tailspin on Thursday. Four experts discuss what could happen next."
"Elon Musk may be able to keep
his job as Tesla Inc's chief executive even if found in
contempt for a Twitter post that violated his recent fraud
settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, a
lawyer for the regulator suggested at a Thursday court hearing.
  
"
"MacKenzie Bezos, ex-wife of Amazon.com
Inc founder and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos,
will give 75 percent of their stake in the company and all
voting rights to the billionaire entrepreneur as part of their
divorce settlement.
  
"
"Snap announced a new ad-supported gaming platform at an event Thursday, following Apple and Google into the gaming space."
"A Microsoft spokesperson said the company had a good dialogue following an internal email chain about how women had been mistreated at the company."
"Elon Musk's job as Tesla Inc's
chief executive appeared safe on Thursday as a federal
judge in Manhattan urged the billionaire to settle contempt
allegations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
  
"
"The benchmark S&P 500 stock index edged
higher on Thursday, nearing six-month highs, with losses in
technology stocks countered by gains in Boeing Co and
Facebook Inc as investors waited for more clarity on the
U.S.-China trade talks.
  
"
"This Oscar nominated film and box office hit for a documentary, is co-helmed by AmDocs alum Julie Cohen, who has been to the festival no less than three times, with her works featured at the Film Fund Pitch Competition as well as Opening Night and national competitions. This work is a biographical depiction of Ginsburg from her birth inBrooklyn,New York, her college education and subsequent career as a law professor, her appointment to the federal judiciary by PresidentJimmy Carter, and eventual appointment to the Supreme Court by PresidentBill Clinton.

RBGis a 2018 Americandocumentary filmdirected and produced by Betsy West and Julie Cohen, focusing on the life and career of the second female (afterSandra Day O'Connor)Supreme Court of the United StatesAssociate JusticeRuth Bader Ginsburg. After premiering at the2018 Sundance Film Festival, the film was released in the United States on May 4, 2018.
It received positive reviews from critics and grossed $14 million worldwide. It was chosen by theNational Board of Reviewas theBest Documentary Film of 2018, and nominated for several other awards, including theBAFTA Award for Best Documentary. At the91st Academy Awards, the film earned nominations forBest Documentary FeatureandBest Original Song(\"I'll Fight\")."
"A federal judge on Thursday
ordered the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Elon
Musk to meet over the next two weeks to try to resolve matters
underlying the regulator's contempt motion against the Tesla Inc
chief executive.
  
"
"Ian Goodfellow is a top figure in artificial intelligence, having popularized an approach called general adversarial networks. Now he's joining Apple."
"Amazon is again said to be preparing a set of headphones to rival Apple AirPods that will let you talk to its voice assistant Alexa."
"Social media giant Facebook Inc
said on Friday it would block electoral advertisements
purchased outside Australia from being displayed there ahead of
a national election due in May.
  
"
"The proceeds are expected to help the firm take on larger players such as Swiggy, Zomato and Grofers"
"* Facebook bans foreign political ads during Australia
campaign
  
"
"Elon Musk's job as Tesla Inc's
chief executive appeared safe on Thursday as a federal
judge in Manhattan urged the billionaire to settle contempt
allegations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over
his use of Twitter.
  
"
"Elon Musk's job as Tesla Inc's
chief executive appeared safe on Thursday as a federal
judge in Manhattan urged the billionaire to settle contempt
allegations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over
his use of Twitter.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Officer Jeff Bezos will retain voting control of his entire $143
billion stake in the company under a divorce settlement with his
wife, MacKenzie Bezos, who will own 25 percent of those shares,
the couple said on Thursday, removing uncertainty over control
of the online retailer.
  
"
"Google's forum for discussing artificial-intelligence issues was supposed to meet four times this year. Now it appears those meetings won't be happening."
"Alphabet Inc's Google is
dissolving its AI ethics council a week after it was formed,
amid controversy over its board members, online news portal Vox
reported https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/2019/4/4/18295933/google-cancels-ai-ethics-board
on Thursday.
  
"
"Elon Musk's job as Tesla Inc's
chief executive appeared safe on Thursday as a federal
judge in Manhattan urged the billionaire to settle contempt
allegations by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over
his use of Twitter.
  
"
"U.S. securities regulators shot down
attempts by Amazon.com Inc to stop its investors from
considering two shareholder proposals about the company's
controversial sale of a facial recognition service, a sign of
growing scrutiny of the technology.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it was dissolving a council it had formed a week
earlier to consider ethical issues around artificial
intelligence and other emerging technologies.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Officer Jeff Bezos will retain voting control of his entire $143
billion stake in the company under a divorce settlement with his
wife, MacKenzie Bezos, who will own 25 percent of those shares,
the couple said on Thursday, removing uncertainty over control
of the online retailer.
  
"
"She'll receive a 4 percent Amazon stake, currently worth about $36 billion, as part of the settlement"
"esla Inc deliveries fell 31 per cent in its first quarter as the electric car maker struggled with its first shipments of the Model 3 sedan to Europe and China due to longer transit times."
"Gaana (25%) was followed by Apple Music (20%), YouTube (20%) and Wynk (14%), according to data from CyberMedia Research (CMR). Gaana?s parent Times Internet is a part of the Times Group, which publishes The Times of India."
"The electric carmaker had reported a record decline in deliveries during the first quarter, down to 63,000 vehicles in the three months that ended in March, from 90,966 in the fourth quarter."
"Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and his wife, MacKenzie, finalized the biggest divorce settlement in history, leaving him with 75 per cent of their stock in the tech giant and giving her nearly $36 billion in shares. The divorce settlement makes MacKenzie Bezos the third wealthiest woman in the world."
"* Facebook bans foreign political ads during election
campaign
  
"
". The electric-car maker had reported a record decline in deliveries during the first quarter, down to 63,000 vehicles in the three months that ended in March"
"Americans have offered their initial judgment of Elizabeth Warren's plan to break up large technology companies like Apple, Facebook, Amazon and Google: they don't support it."
"U.S. securities regulators shot down
attempts by Amazon.com Inc to stop its investors from
considering two shareholder proposals about the company's
controversial sale of a facial recognition service, a sign of
growing scrutiny of the technology.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Wells Fargo lowered its rating of Intel shares to market perform from outperform on Friday, citing weakening 2019 demand coupled with rising competition from Advanced Micro Devices."
"Images from the 1950s and ?60s have a better resolution than Google Earth"
"But Spotify has more users than Apple in the United States if you count its free tier."
"Apple Inc's streaming music
service overtook rival Spotify Technology SA in terms
of paid subscribers in the United States, a person familiar with
the matter told Reuters on Tuesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc's streaming music service overtook rival Spotify Technology SA in terms of paid subscribers in the United States, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Tuesday.
  
"
"The revelation of cybercriminal activity adds to the mounting security and privacy concerns surrounding Facebook."
"Spotify still has more overall listeners"
"Here's what they're accused of."
"The bills were approved by a wide majority late on Thursday, Energy Minister Marie-Christine Marghem said in separate Twitter and Facebook posts on Friday"
"The SEC had asked U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan to hold Musk in contempt over a Feb. 19 tweet in which the agency said he had improperly posted material information about Tesla's vehicle production outlook without first seeking approval from its lawyers"
"CNBC flew to Fort Pickett with Under Secretary Ryan McCarthy to test the Army's IVAS headset, which it's building with Microsoft."
"Consumers are said to be no longer double-hopping between Google and Amazon; they just go straight to Amazon"
"Search engines alongside online messaging services and file hosting sites will also come under the remit of a new regulator"
"Italian carmaker Fiat Chrysler
Automobiles NV has agreed to pay electric carmaker
Tesla Inc hundreds of millions of euros so that the
vehicles of Tesla are counted in its fleet to avoid fines for
violating new European Union emission rules, the Financial Times
reported on Sunday.
  
"
"
According to Facebook's Ad Library Report, there were 51,810 political ads with a total spending of more than Rs 10.32 crore between February and March 30 this year, with a major chunk coming in from BJP and its supporters."
"Italian carmaker Fiat Chrysler
Automobiles NV (FCA) has agreed to pay electric
carmaker Tesla Inc hundreds of millions of euros so
that the vehicles of Tesla are counted in its fleet to avoid
fines for violating new European Union emission rules, the
Financial Times reported on Sunday.
  
"
"Global copper producers are
converging in Chile this week as tightening supply buoys prices,
even as the industry grapples with declining ore quality,
project delays and worries the U.S-China trade war may hit
long-term demand.
  
"
"Amazon's satellite internet plan appears similar to what Elon Musk has had SpaceX working on."
"Amazon's plan represents the most serious and disruptive challenger to several companies vying to build similar networks, multiple analysts and industry executives told CNBC on Thursday."
"Among those present at the at the Camp Nou on Saturday evening to watch Barcelona down Atletico Madrid and all but seal the La Liga title was Indian cricketing legend Rahul Dravid. In a video posted on their Facebook page, the Catalan giants greeted Dravid with the message: \"Rahul Dravid it was a pleasure greeting you at Camp Nou! We hope you enjoyed our victory vs Atletico.\""
"Microsoft's AI 365 meeting usually happens every Thursday and lets top leaders chat about the various AI projects within the company."
"Italian-U.S. carmaker Fiat Chrysler
Automobiles NV (FCA) has agreed to pay electric
carmaker Tesla Inc hundreds of millions of euros to
allow Tesla vehicles to be counted in its fleet to avoid fines
for violating new European Union emission rules.
  
"
"Asia's richest man is sharpening his focus on e-commerce with a string of tiny acquisitions and stake purchases to face Amazon"
"Facebook
has said it has made strides in its efforts to prevent online
abuses in the Indian national election that starts this week but
acknowledged that gaps remain in its \"election integrity\"
efforts.
  
"
"However, the social media giant acknowledged that gaps remain in its \"election integrity\" efforts"
"On Monday, the European Commission released a set of steps to maintain ethics in artificial intelligence, as companies and governments weigh both the benefits and risks of the far-reaching technology."
"* Facebook 'looking forward' to working with UK on measures
(Adds detail, minister comments)
  
"
"The European Union's data
protection supervisor on Monday said it had launched an
investigation into whether services and products provided by the
software giant Microsoft to EU institutions comply with
its new data protection rules.
  
"
"Britain just announced plans for a tough new law aimed at forcing tech giants like Facebook and Twitter to clean up their platforms."
"Beth Chapman, who is battling cancer, was hospitalized this weekend, according to a statement on her husband Duane \"Dog\" Chapman's official Facebook page."
"Teenagers with their wallets are favoring retailers Lululemon, Ulta, Amazon and Vans for its sneakers, along with fast-food chains like Chick-fil-A and Chipotle, according to a new survey by Piper Jaffray."
"The European Union's data
protection supervisor said on Monday it is investigating whether
products provided by software giant Microsoft to EU
institutions comply with its new data protection rules.
  
"
"Only excellence matters."
"A report from Macotakara on Monday said Apple will increase the size of its smallest iPhone to 6.1-inches and will add new advanced cameras."
"Tesla's disappointing first quarter delivery number led Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas to lower his price target on the stock from $260 to $240, and cut forecasts for a number of key financial metrics."
"EU data protection authorities
are investigating whether the European Commission and other EU
institutions comply with the bloc's strict data privacy rules in
their software deals with Microsoft.
  
"
"European Union lawmakers have
backed plans to fine Facebook, Google, Twitter
and other online platforms if they fail to remove
extremist content within one hour.
  
"
"Thomas Kurian, the former Oracle exec who recently took over Google's cloud, told analysts that he will be rapidly building up a sales force."
"Health represents a huge business for Apple, and Morgan Stanley lays out some unique opportunities the company has in the space."
"Brazil's President Jair Bolsonaro said on Monday that he told U.S. President Donald Trump that he wants the United States to take part in a joint development program for the Brazilian Amazon region, though he did not provide more details.
  
"
"Jim Cramer explains why stockholders of household names should not be too quick to pull the trigger when they hit a rough patch."
"Chico's FAS Inc
warned in January that it would shutter at least 250 stores
across its namesake brand, along with its White House Black
Market and Soma labels.
  
"
"SEC Commissioner Robert Jackson, a Democrat, told reporters at a conference in Washington that the SEC was reasonable in suggesting greater oversight of Musk's communications, including the threat of new fines if he backslides"
"The investment comes as electrical grids grapple with implications of mounting wind and solar power."
"The media-savvy right-wing leader posted a link on Twitter and Facebook with a video message in Hebrew saying: \"Good morning. This morning I am asking to speak with you, personally, through messenger. All it takes is one click on the link. I'm waiting.\""
"Facebook has revised
the terms related to its users' data following demands from the
European Commission and consumer authorities, including taking
responsibility when data has been mishandled by third parties.
  
"
"Chico's FAS Inc
warned in January that it would shutter at least 250 stores
across its namesake brand, along with its White House Black
Market and Soma labels.
  
"
"Google parent Alphabet Inc's
drone service made its first air delivery in North Canberra,
Australia, on Tuesday after getting approval from the country's
civil aviation authority.
  
"
"Facebook has bowed to
pressure from the European Commission and consumer authorities
by revising its terms, making it clear what it does with users'
data and taking responsibility when data has been mishandled by
third parties.
  
"
"In the year since Facebook CEO's testimony on Capitol Hill, the company has evolved its message and approach to privacy."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Tuesday"
"Clothing retailers, consumer electronics companies and home furnishing businesses will need to close more stores across the U.S., as e-commerce sales continue to account for a larger portion of total retail sales, UBS writes in a note to clients."
"Shares of Apple are on pace to post its 10th straight day of gains on Tuesday, which hasn't happened since October 2010."
"Apple's bigger computers could get better color and contrast using a new display technology"
"The bill, which Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., introduced with co-sponsor Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., bans online platforms with over 100 million monthly active users from using so-called \"dark patterns.\""
"U.S. Senators Mark Warner, a
Democrat, and Deb Fischer, a Republican, are introducing a bill
on Tuesday to ban big online companies like Facebook Inc
and Twitter Inc from using deception to push consumers
to do things they otherwise would not do.
  
"
"An app called Jumbo can automatically delete your old tweets, delete your Google Search history and change your Facebook privacy settings."
"Facebook Inc and
Alphabet Inc's Google unit on Tuesday defended their
efforts to remove hate speech from social media sites amid
questions from lawmakers in an appearance before the U.S. House
Judiciary Committee.
  
"
"Google will give cloud customers an easier way to use open-source tools from companies like Elastic and MongoDB."
"Two U.S. senators introduced
a bill on Tuesday to ban online social media companies like
Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc from tricking
consumers into giving up their personal data.
  
"
"Two U.S. senators introduced
a bill on Tuesday to ban online social media companies like
Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc from tricking
consumers into giving up their personal data.
  
"
"There's going to be big hype around 5G and Apple is poised to be the big beneficiary, says Loup Venture's Gene Munster."
"Wells Fargo is saying goodbye to its retirement-plan business as the bank continues to grapple with a penalties, legal fees and a backlash over its scandals."
"Facebook is removing about ?one million accounts a day? to ensure ?the elections are fair and free from interference, both foreign and domestic?, the social media giant has announced."
"Part of American tech giant Google, YouTube now has 26.5 crore subscribers in the country, and nearly 95% of this consumption is in local vernacular languages happening in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, a company official told TOI."
"A PIL claims that GPay was acting as a payments system provider in violation of the Payments and Settlements Act"
"Apple shares are downgraded to \"reduce\" by HSBC."
"Oprah Winfrey and Britain's Prince Harry have teamed up to produce an Apple documentary next year aimed at raising awareness of mental health.
  
"
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Wednesday"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Amazon isn't the everything store -- yet."
"Amazon is planning to add new payment methods, including cash, at its cashierless Amazon Go stores to serve the unbanked."
"Britain's Prince Harry is collaborating with Oprah Winfrey on a new television series tackling the issue of mental health."
"The bill could be a boon for the growing electric vehicle market. The existing $7,500 tax credit for buyers of EVs phases out over 15 months once an automaker sells 200,000 electric cars."
"A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers will introduce legislation on Wednesday to expand the electric vehicle tax credit by  400,000 vehicles per manufacturer, a provision that would give a boost to General Motors Co and Tesla Inc before the existing credit comes to an end for them.
  
"
"Facebook has unveiled artificial intelligence tools and new features to prevent upsetting users after their friends or family have passed away."
"Shares of Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Alphabet are on the rise, and one market watcher says the technical layout favors two of them."
"The show will air on Apple TV+ in 2020."
"A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation on Wednesday to expand the electric vehicle tax credit by 400,000 vehicles per manufacturer, a provision that would give a boost to Tesla Inc and General Motors Co before the existing credit comes to an end for them.
  
"
"A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation on Wednesday to expand the electric vehicle tax credit by 400,000 vehicles per manufacturer, a provision that would give a boost to Tesla Inc and General Motors Co before the existing credit comes to an end for them.
  
"
"Check out the companies making headlines midday Wednesday:"
"Apple News+ is great for people who love magazines and reading on Apple devices like the iPad, but it's too locked down to appeal to everyone."
"Google is increasing the price of its YouTube TV streaming service to $50 per month."
"Your local, shuttered Sears or Kmart store could soon turn into a grocery store, according to one investment group."
"Facebook is targeting misinformation and content violations in its new updates."
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Wednesday raised the monthly membership price of its YouTube TV
online service by 25 percent to $49.99, while adding channels
such as Discovery, Animal Planet and TLC.
  
"
"It's the biggest employee-driven push against climate risk in the tech industry yet."
"Facebook, Google and Twitter have strengthened their authentication mechanisms for entities running political ads"
"Republican senators on
Wednesday said Alphabet Inc's Google, Facebook Inc
and Twitter Inc  discriminate against
conservative viewpoints and suppress free speech, suggesting
anti-trust action could be a solution.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday
said it had acquired Canvas Technology, a robotics startup in
Boulder, Colorado, that has built autonomous carts that can move
goods around warehouses.
  
"
"Facebook is using a copycat of Google's famous PageRank technique to filter fake news and other bad content from its News Feed."
"Amazon employees are listening some conversations through Alexa in order to help the voice assistant improve its understanding of speech."
"Coinciding with Donald Glover?s Coachella set, the film is set to drop Saturday at 12:01 a.m."
"Amazon and
Microsoft have been selected to continue competing for
Pentagon cloud computing services as part of a contract that
could be worth some $10 billion.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc and
Microsoft Corp have been selected to continue competing
for Pentagon cloud computing services as part of a contract that
could be worth some $10 billion, the U.S. Department of Defense
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc and
Microsoft Corp have been selected to continue competing
for Pentagon cloud computing services as part of a contract that
could be worth some $10 billion, the U.S. Department of Defense
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"The owner of the National Enquirer said
on Wednesday it was considering selling the tabloid, which has
admitted to paying hush money to help U.S. President Donald
Trump get elected and been accused of attempting to blackmail
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
  
"
NA
"Amazon and Microsoft are said to be the finalists for a government contract that could be worth as much as $10 billion."
"Amazon employs people to around the world to help improve the Alexa to powering its line of echo speakers"
"Executives at the largest
U.S. banks are grappling with how to best talk about the slowing
economy and its impact on their businesses as they enter
earnings season, people familiar with their thinking told
Reuters.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Thursday it
has nearly doubled the number of suppliers using only clean
energy for production work, including two that assemble and make
the processor chips for the iPhone.
  
"
"Although many economists are predicting a downturn, a big bank executive doing so can become a self-fulfilling prophecy"
"Panasonic Corp is studying
further investments in battery production at its gigafactory
joint venture with Tesla Inc, the company said,
responding to a media report that the two companies had frozen
previous investment plans.
  
"
"Panasonic Corp is studying
further investments in battery production at its Gigafactory
venture with Tesla Inc, the company said, responding to
a media report that the two companies had frozen previous plans.
  
"
"\"Do it! Better yet, go to $16 and throw the gauntlet back at us,\" Jeff Bezos says in his annual letter to shareholders."
"Executives at the largest
U.S. banks are grappling with how to best talk about the slowing
economy and its impact on their businesses as they enter
earnings season, people familiar with their thinking told
Reuters.
  
"
"The Dow's top performers this year are a blast from the past. Legacy tech stocks including Apple, Cisco and IBM have topped the blue-chip index."
"Amazon is listening to what people say to Alexa, but you can turn off a setting that gives Amazon permission to do this."
"The company is reportedly rethinking plans to expand capacity at the factory as worries about demand for Tesla cars grows among investors."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Thursday"
"Panasonic Corp
is studying further investments in battery production
at its Gigafactory venture with Tesla Inc, the company
said, responding to a media report that the two companies had
frozen previous plans.
  
"
"Here's Amazon's full annual shareholder letter published by CEO Jeff Bezos on Thursday."
"The surtax would prevent Amazon and other companies with profits exceeding $100 million from wiping out their tax liabilities."
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Officer Jeff Bezos on Thursday challenged rival retailers to
increase their minimum wages to $16 an hour.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc employs thousands of people who listen to voice recordings captured in Echo owners? homes and offices. The recordings are transcribed, annotated and then fed back into the software as part of an effort to eliminate gaps in Alexa?s understanding of human speech and help it better respond to commands."
"Panasonic Corp
and Tesla Inc are holding off on further
investment in the U.S. electric carmaker's Nevada Gigafactory
while they squeeze more out of existing resources and study
market demand, the companies said on Thursday.
  
"
"A Dutch antitrust
investigation into whether Apple unfairly favours its
own apps is in line with the European Union's own ongoing
scrutiny of Spotify's complaint against the iPhone
maker, the European Commission said on Thursday.
  
"
"Apple on Thursday
said it treated all app developers equally and was confident a
Dutch antitrust investigation would end with the same
conclusion.
  
"
"Walmart responds to Bezos' challenge to other retailers to raise pay and add more benefits."
"Apple, already the
subject of EU antitrust scrutiny, on Thursday became the target
of a Dutch investigation for allegedly favouring its own apps on
its popular App Store.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Executives at the largest
U.S. banks are grappling with how to best talk about the slowing
economy and its impact on their businesses as they enter
earnings season, people familiar with their thinking told
Reuters.
  
"
"Executives at the largest
U.S. banks are grappling with how to best talk about the slowing
economy and its impact on their businesses as they enter
earnings season, people familiar with their thinking told
Reuters.
  
"
"Panasonic Corp
and Tesla Inc will continue to make new
investments in the U.S. electric carmaker's Gigafactory as
needed, but believe they can squeeze more out of existing
resources than previously planned, Tesla said on Thursday.
  
"
"Uber said in its initial public offering paperwork that over the course of 2016, 2017 and 2018 it paid Google $58 million for mapping technology."
"Uber says Amazon, DHL, Didi, GrubHub, Lyft and Tesla are among its major competitors in IPO prospectus."
"Google's venture arm made an uncharacteristically large bet on Uber in 2013, a deal that's turning into a huge windfall for the search giant."
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Jeff Bezos on Thursday challenged rival retailers to increase
their minimum wages to $16 an hour.
  
"
"Acting on Election Commission?s request, social networking platforms Twitter, WhatsApp and Facebook removed over 500 posts, advertisements, accounts and other objectionable content found in violation of the Representation of the People Act and the model code of conduct, the Commission said on Thursday."
"Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive
Jeff Bezos on Thursday challenged retailers to hike their
minimum wages to $16 an hour, prompting a comeback from Walmart
Inc which asked its rivals to pay taxes.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc's
Japanese unit raised the membership fee for its Prime service by
26 percent on Friday, the first such hike since it was launched
in the country 11 years ago.
  
"
"A New York man charged with
trying to defraud Facebook Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg is
seeking asylum in Ecuador, where he was arrested in 2018 after
fleeing the United States more than three years ago to avoid
facing trial.
  
"
"Tesla Inc on Thursday started
leasing out its Model 3 sedan in the United States, in a
financing option that would increase the electric car maker's
customer base.
  
"
"Panasonic Corp
and Tesla Inc will continue to make new
investments in the U.S. electric carmaker's Gigafactory as
needed, but believe they can squeeze more out of existing
resources than previously planned, Tesla said on Thursday.
  
"
"\"Today I challenge our top retail competitors (you know who you are!) to match our employee benefits and our $15 minimum wage,\" the billionaire entrepreneur said in a letter to shareholders."
"Tesla also said all its cars would now come with the autopilot feature, pushing up the base price. Autopilot was previously an optional feature but will now be included in all cars for less than the prior cost of the option."
"Tesla Inc on Thursday started
leasing out its Model 3 sedan in the United States, in a
financing option that would increase the electric car maker's
customer base.
  
"
NA
"Apple Inc supplier
Japan Display Inc said on Friday it will raise 117
billion yen ($1.1 billion) in a bailout from a Chinese-Taiwanese
group and from its top shareholder.
  
"
"The Model 3 with the so-called Standard Plus battery range used to cost $37,500, plus $3,000 for Autopilot. It now costs $39,500 with Autopilot included"
"U.S. electric vehicle (EV)
maker Tesla Inc on Friday said it has started taking
orders in China for a lower-priced version of its Model 3 car,
as it seeks to expand its lineup and boost sales in the world's
biggest EV market.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"A Russian court fined Facebook
on Friday for failing to tell authorities where it stores
Russian user data, Russian news agency reported, a ruling that
highlights wrangling between tech giants and Russia as it ramps
up Internet controls.
  
"
"A court in Russia fined
Facebook on Friday for failing to tell authorities where
it stores Russian user data, Russian news agencies reported, a
ruling that highlights wrangling between tech giants and Moscow
as it ramps up Internet controls.
  
"
"Disney's streaming service will cost $6.99 per month. Now the ball is in Apple's court."
"David Einhorn's Greenlight
Capital renewed criticism of Elon Musk and his Tesla Inc
, saying the car maker again appeared to be on the
\"brink\" of failure, according to a letter sent to clients of the
hedge fund on Friday.
  
"
"Despite a $900 billion market cap, \"it remains Day 1\" at Amazon as far founder and CEO Jeff Bezos is concerned."
"David Einhorn's Greenlight
Capital renewed criticism of Elon Musk and his Tesla Inc
, saying the electric car company again appeared to be
on the \"brink\" of failure, according to a letter sent to clients
of the hedge fund on Friday.
  
"
"Hundreds of reporters and
photographers pressed up against steel barriers last week to get
a glimpse of Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk at
Manhattan's downtown federal courthouse.
  
"
"Jumia Technologies has more than 1.2 billion customers in Africa."
"Greenlight's David Einhorn slams Tesla in a recent investor letter."
"EU countries are set to agree
an overhaul of the bloc's two-decade old copyright rules next
week, requiring Google to pay publishers for news
snippets and Facebook to filter out protected content,
despite increasing opposition from some governments.
  
"
"David Einhorn's Greenlight
Capital renewed criticism of Elon Musk and Tesla Inc,
saying the electric car company appeared to be \"on the brink\" of
failure again, according to a letter sent to clients of the
hedge fund on Friday.
  
"
"Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro said on Friday the country could open a vast reserve in the Amazon rainforest to mining, a move that his predecessor attempted before backtracking due to an international outcry by environmentalists.
  
"
"Reed Hastings, who has served on the Facebook board since 2011, will not be nominated for re-election at the company's 2019 annual stockholders meetings, Facebook said on Friday."
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg's compensation for 2018 more than
doubled to $22.6 million, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
(https://bit.ly/2Gbb9cn)
  
"
"As Facebook's scandals have increased so too has the amount of money the company spends to protect CEO Mark Zuckerberg."
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg's compensation for 2018 more than
doubled to $22.6 million, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg's compensation for 2018 more than
doubled to $22.6 million, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc more than doubled the
money it spent on Chief Executive Officer Mark
Zuckerberg's security in 2018 to $22.6 million, a regulatory
filing showed on Friday.
  
"
"Nintendo's mobile strategy is taking shape as Mario heads to phones, but the console king has moved slowly and Google and Apple are launching new online gaming models. The Nintendo Switch is still a hit, but the switch to mobile is still a challenge."
"Younger workers aren't drawn to trucking jobs. That's one reason companies like Embark, TuSimple and Tesla are developing driverless trucks."
"Google Assistant saves a copy of everything you tell it. Here's how to delete everything and turn it off."
"
Addressing a press conference here, Athawale, also the chief of the Republican Party of India (A), acknowledged the strong sentiment against the contentious bill across the north east region."
"Volkswagen said on
Sunday it will build a fully electric sports utility vehicle for
the Chinese market from 2021, entering a segment dominated by
Tesla's Model X.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's social networking
site is inaccessible to some users across the world on Sunday,
according to Downdetector.com, a website which monitors outages.
  
"
"Facebook's chat service 'Messenger' is also down. Users have taken to Twiter to complain about the apps"
"Facebook Inc's social networking
site, photo-sharing social network Instagram and messaging app
WhatsApp were inaccessible to some users on Sunday,
downdetector.com, which monitors outages, showed.
  
"
"Volkswagen plans
to build a fully electric sports utility vehicle (SUV) for China
from 2021, taking on the Chinese market leader Tesla's
Model X as the German carmaker ramps up production of zero
emissions vehicles.
  
"
"Volkswagen plans to build a fully electric SUV for China from 2021, taking on the Chinese market leader Tesla's Model X."
"\"Wandering is an essential counter-balance to efficiency.\""
"By taking a softer approach to sensitive issues, Amazon is trying to send a message that it's not a ruthless corporate behemoth."
"Facebook and Instagram were inaccessible on Sunday morning for several hours with both sites refusing to refresh."
"Alexa is now offering medical skills, but don't expect to be able to call a doctor or therapist using the device anytime soon."
"Facebook Inc said it restored
services on Sunday after some users could not access its social
networking site, photo-sharing network Instagram and messaging
app WhatsApp.
  
"
"5G pioneer Huawei has has never sold its Balong 5000 chip to rivals ? but now it's open to doing so, company CEO Ren Zhengfei told CNBC."
"The chairman of Taiwan's
Foxconn, assembler of Apple Inc's iPhones,
told Reuters on Monday he plans to step down in the coming
months, saying he wants to pave the way for younger talent to
move up the ranks of the company.
  
"
"The chairman of Taiwan's Foxconn, assembler of Apple's iPhones, told Reuters on Monday he plans to step down in the coming months, saying he wants to pave the way for younger talent to move up the ranks."
"If Walmart is spinning success stories of Indian manufacturers in global markets, Amazon is taking 'Make in India' to the world, bolstered by its 'Global Selling Programme'"
"EU countries on Monday
endorsed an overhaul of the bloc's two-decade old copyright
rules targeting Google and Facebook and seeking
to protect the bloc's creative industries.
  
"
"The European Union's bid to
overhaul its two-decade old copyright rules cleared its final
hurdle on Monday as EU governments backed the move forcing
Google to pay publishers for news snippets and
Facebook to filter out protected content.
  
"
"The legislation has been criticized by the likes of Google and internet freedom campaigners who worry it will result in censorship."
"Workers at four Amazon
logistic centres in Germany went on strike on Monday, the latest
action in a long-running campaign for better pay and conditions.
  
"
"Apple Inc and its allies on
Monday will kick off a jury trial against chip supplier Qualcomm
Inc in San Diego, alleging that Qualcomm engaged in
illegal patent licensing practices and seeking up to $27 billion
in damages.
  
"
"Google will have to
pay publishers for news snippets and Facebook filter out
protected content under new copyright rules aimed at ensuring
fair compensation for the European Union's $1 trillion creative
industries.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Volkswagen plans
to build a fully electric sports utility vehicle (SUV) for China
from 2021, taking on the Chinese market leader Tesla's
Model X as the German carmaker ramps up production of zero
emissions vehicles.
  
"
"The lawsuit in federal court revolves around the modem chips that connect devices like the iPhone or Apple Watch to wireless data networks."
"Microsoft is reportedly building a set of earbuds to rival Apple AirPods. The device is called Morrison internally, accoridng to a report."
"Shares of Spotify Technology SA
fell 4 percent on Monday after a report said Amazon.com
Inc was in talks to launch a free ad-supported music
service, which is expected to intensify competition for the
music streaming leader.
  
"
"Apple and Disney launched their streaming service events at nearly the same time, but Disney had the roll-out and the product Apple should desire."
"Microsoft is changing up its approach to looking into reports of inappropriate workplace behavior after employees spoke out in an email chain recently."
"The sudden massive cancellations of Jet have put travel agents and customers in jeopardy"
"\"Any company with any kind of consumer product could potentially end up in their crosshairs, and that's a very dangerous place to be,\" the \"Mad Money\" host says."
"Australian vitamin maker Blackmores Ltd
on Tuesday reported a 14.3 percent fall in net profit
for the first nine months, as the company continues to grapple
with softening  demand from its largest Asian market, China.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn, an
assembler of Apple Inc's iPhones, said Terry Gou will
remain chairman of the world's largest contract manufacturer,
although he plans to withdraw from daily operations.
  
"
NA
"Gou said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has invited him to India as his Taiwanese company plans its expansion in the country. Apple has had older phones produced at a plant in Bengaluru for several years, but now will expand manufacturing to more recent models. Bloomberg News reported this month that Foxconn is ready to start trial production of the latest iPhones in the country before it starts full-scale assembly at its factory outside Chennai."
"Huawei Technologies, one of
the world's biggest smartphone makers, has not had talks with
Apple Inc about supplying it with 5G chipsets, Rotating
Chairman Ken Hu said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Ren Zhengfei, founder and CEO of Huawei, told CNBC over the weekend that the company is \"open\" to selling its 5G chips to Apple. But the two companies have not spoken about the subject, another top Huawei boss said Tuesday."
"* Huawei says hasn't discussed supplying 5G modem chips with
Apple
  
"
"The probe, carried out by U.K. consumer advocacy group Which?, analyzed hundreds of tech products on Amazon and found that potentially false reviews were helping unknown brands dominate searches for popular items."
"Italy's antitrust authority said
on Tuesday it had launched a probe into five Amazon
companies for possible abuse of dominant market position in
e-commerce and logistical services.
  
"
"Addressing a rally, Modi said it has become a fashion for the \"naamdar\" to speak in derogatory terms"
"Twitter and Facebook
have nine months to comply with data law by moving
Russian user data onto servers in Russia, Interfax cited
communications watchdog head Alexander Zharov as saying on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Italy's competition authority announced on Tuesday it will begin a preliminary investigation into whether Amazon abused its dominance in e-commerce and logistics services."
"Italy's antitrust authority said
on Tuesday it had launched a probe into five Amazon
companies for possible abuse of dominant market position in
e-commerce and logistical services.
  
"
"From the sticker price to fuel costs to tax breaks, here's a breakdown of whether it makes sense financially to drive an electric vehicle."
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg reportedly once considered pursuing numerous deals with third-party developers to help it find out how much users' data is worth."
"Amazon Web Services, a unit
of Amazon.com Inc, said it will help astronomers in
Chile crunch huge troves of data using its cloud computing
services, a symbolically important step for the
retail-to-entertainment giant as it looks to expand in Latin
America.
  
"
"Amazon is one of the most powerful companies in the world. It has millions of Prime subscribers, owns a fleet of aircraft, streams Emmy-winning shows, and hosts the world's largest cloud storage platform. The growth of online giants like Amazon may be limited only by the number of people that have access to the internet."
NA
"A new Wired feature details Facebook's internal hand-wrenching over how to confront the public and its own employees about several PR fires."
"Amazon Web Services, a unit
of Amazon.com Inc, said it will help astronomers in
Chile crunch huge troves of data using its cloud computing
services, a symbolically important step for the
retail-to-entertainment giant as it looks to expand in Latin
America.
  
"
"Netflix shouldn't be worried about streaming wars, Morris Mark, CEO of Mark Asset Management, said Tuesday ahead of the company's fiscal earnings."
"Users who had the app will continue to be able to use it"
"Qualcomm and Apple have what appears to be a bitter legal battle."
"A trial opened
Tuesday in a complex contract and anti-trust dispute between
Apple Inc and Qualcomm Inc with the iPhone
maker using a fried chicken analogy to explain its claim that
the chip company is abusing its market power.
  
"
"Shares of Qualcomm jumped 16% in late afternoon trading, while Apple share were up marginally"
"Apple Inc
and Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday opened  a complex trial
with the iPhone maker using a fried chicken analogy to
illustrate its claim the chip company is abusing  its market
power while Qualcomm alleged a years-long plan by Apple to
deprive it of billions in revenue, $13 at a time.
  
"
"Netflix says the streaming pie is big enough for other players as millions of people turn away from the traditional cable bundle and live linear television."
"Microsoft Corp said
on Tuesday its Xbox Game Studios will partner with Turner
Sports' ELEAGUE to produce a documentary series about \"Gears of
War\" players in conjunction with a new version of the video game
launching later this year.
  
"
"The David vs. Goliath contest pits a small startup against one of the most powerful technology companies in the world."
"Jim Cramer breaks down the latest action on Wall street and explains why certain stocks have risen when analysts said they would fall."
"Microsoft launches $250 Xbox console with no disc drive"
"Microsoft Corp
recently rejected a California law enforcement agency?s request
to install facial recognition technology in officers? cars and
body cameras due to human rights concerns, company President
Brad Smith said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Intel said on Wednesday it's pulling out of the 5G smartphone market and will provide further details later this month."
NA
"Terry Gou, chairman of Apple
supplier Foxconn, said on Wednesday he will follow the
order of a sea goddess who has told him to run in Taiwan's 2020
presidential election, although he added he has not yet formally
declared his intention to contest.
  
"
"The move comes hours after a court in Tamil Nadu state refused a request by China?s Bytedance Technology to suspend a ban on its TikTok app, putting its future in one of its key markets in doubt."
"There have been multiple reports of falling iPhone sales in China"
"A court in Tamil Nadu asked the government on April 3 to ban TikTok, saying it encouraged pornography and warning that sexual predators could target child users."
"The Chinese video app TikTok is no longer available in Google and Apple app stores in India after a state court prohibited its downloads, a setback for developer Bytedance Technology's efforts to tap users in a key market."
"Terry Gou, chairman of Apple
supplier Foxconn, said on Wednesday he will contest
Taiwan's 2020 presidential election, shaking up the political
landscape at a time of heightened tension between the self-ruled
island and Beijing.
  
"
"The 250-year-old enterprise, on the block since September 2018, is facing intense competition from online stores such as Amazon, but Reliance expects to get a global footprint with the acquisition"
"Amazon is in control of a $600 billion market that is growing at triple the pace of overall retail spending"
"Here are the biggest calls on Wall Street on Wednesday"
"Google and Amazon
will have to tell companies how they rank products on
their platforms while Facebook and other tech firms will
have to be more transparent about their terms and conditions
under new EU rules approved on Wednesday.
  
"
"Qualcomm is set for another rally after ending Tuesday up 23% following two major wins for the company."
"Tech giant Apple and Qualcomm settled a legal dispute over royalties and patents on Tuesday and it has Wall Street analysts buzzing."
"Apple has held talks with at least four companies as possible suppliers for next-generation lidar sensors in self-driving cars."
"Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf discussed the new developments in an interview on CNBC Wednesday."
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 just hit an all-time high, and investors should consider buying the stocks that got it there as well as some lesser-known names, experts say."
"Aeva Inc, a startup
company founded by former Apple Inc and Nikon Corp
engineers, has signed a sensor-system deal with an
Audi-owned unit that is working on self-driving technology for
Volkswagen AG.
  
"
"Apple buys modem chips from companies like Qualcomm to enable the iPhone to connect to cellular networks."
"Top Indian grappler Bajrang Punia regained the world number one spot in the men's 65kg freestyle category in the rankings issued by United World Wrestling on Wednesday."
"Apple Inc was accused in a new
lawsuit of securities fraud for concealing a slump in demand for
iPhones, particularly in China, leading to a $74 billion one-day
slide in its market value once the truth became known.
  
"
"Aeva Inc, a startup
company founded by former Apple Inc engineers Soroush
Salehian and Mina Rezk, has signed a sensor-system deal with an
Audi-owned unit that is working on self-driving technology for
Volkswagen AG.
  
"
"A team in Redmond, Washington, is working to build a competitor to Alexa, Siri, and the Google Assistant."
"Amazon.com Inc
plans to close its domestic marketplace business in
China by mid-July, people familiar with the matter told Reuters
on Wednesday, focusing efforts on its more lucrative businesses
selling overseas goods and cloud services in the world's most
populous country.
  
"
"Apple was accused in a new securities fraud lawsuit of concealing a slump in demand for iPhones, particularly in China, leading to a $74 billion one-day slide in its market value once the truth became known."
"Facebook Inc is working on a
voice assistant to rival the likes of Amazon.com Inc's
Alexa, Apple Inc's Siri and Alphabet Inc's Google
Assistant, CNBC reported https://www.cnbc.com/2019/04/17/facebook-building-voice-assistant-to-rival-amazon-alexa-and-apple-siri.html
on Wednesday, citing several people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc plans to close
its domestic marketplace business in China by mid-July, people
familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday, focusing
efforts on its more lucrative businesses selling overseas goods
and cloud services in the world's most populous country.
  
"
"The European parliament
voted on Wednesday to fine firms like Facebook, Google
and Twitter up to 4 percent of their turnover
if they persistently fail to remove extremist content within one
hour of being asked to do so by authorities.
  
"
"Amazon expects to close fulfillment centers and wind down support for domestic-selling merchants in China in the next 90 days, a source said."
"As Qualcomm's
major victory against Apple sent semiconductor stocks
to record highs on Wednesday, the sector's strong recent rally
may be at odds with uncertainty about an ongoing downturn in
global demand.
  
"
"As Qualcomm's
major victory against Apple sent semiconductor stocks
to record highs on Wednesday, the sector's strong recent rally
may be at odds with uncertainty about an ongoing downturn in
global demand.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc
plans to close its domestic marketplace business in
China by mid-July, people familiar with the matter told Reuters
on Wednesday, focusing efforts on its more lucrative businesses
selling overseas goods and cloud services in the world's most
populous nation.
  
"
"Facebook Inc is working to
develop a voice assistant to rival the likes of Amazon.com Inc's
Alexa, Apple Inc's Siri and Alphabet Inc's
Google Assistant.
  
"
"Govt decides to directly approach Google, Apple to spike such apps"
"The end of Qualcomm's yearslong battle with Apple brings new hope for a host of technology stocks, market watchers say."
"Apple Inc and
Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday settled an acrimonious two-year
legal dispute. Shortly afterward, Intel Corp said it
will exit the smartphone modem chip business.
  
"
"Netflix has a message for Disney, Amazon, Apple and the numerous other media and tech companies vying for the streaming media throne: We still wear the crown."
"* Alibaba, JD.com dominate Chinese e-commerce sector
(Adds analyst comment, China e-commerce background)
  
"
"T. Rowe Price funds slashed Tesla Inc
holdings in the first quarter, data showed on
Wednesday, as the institutional investor continued to cut its
positions in the electric vehicle maker.
  
"
"T. Rowe Price funds
slashed Tesla Inc holdings in the first quarter, data
showed on Wednesday, as the institutional investor continued to
cut its positions in the electric vehicle maker.
  
"
"Apple Inc and
Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday settled an acrimonious two-year
legal dispute. Shortly afterward, Intel Corp said it
will exit the smartphone modem chip business.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc
plans to close its domestic marketplace in China by
mid-July, people familiar with the matter told Reuters, focusing
efforts on more lucrative businesses selling overseas goods and
cloud services in the world's most populous nation.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said it \"unintentionally uploaded\"
the email contacts of 1.5 million new users since May 2016, Business Insider
reported http://bit.ly/2V7XMTS on Wednesday.
  
"
"5G is a new network technology for wireless communications that could be up to 100 times faster than current 4G networks."
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it may have
unintentionally uploaded email contacts of 1.5 million new users on the social
media site since May 2016.
  
"
"Amazon shoppers in China will no longer be able to buy goods from third-party merchants in the country"
"* Alibaba, JD.com dominate Chinese e-commerce sector
(Adds detail on Amazon's China website)
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc
on Thursday said it is notifying sellers that it will
no longer operate a marketplace nor provide seller services on
its Chinese website, Amazon.cn, from July 18.
  
"
"Facebook said it used to have a step in the account verification process where some users had the option to confirm their email address and voluntarily import their email contacts onto the site. The process was redesigned but the function was not."
"Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it may have
\"unintentionally uploaded\" email contacts of 1.5 million new users since May
2016, in what seems to be the latest privacy-related issue faced by the social
media company.
  
"
"* Alibaba, JD.com dominate Chinese e-commerce sector
(Updates with Amazon statement)
  
"
"Amazon will keep running its other businesses in China, including Amazon Web Services, Kindle e-books, and cross-border operations that help ship goods from Chinese merchants to customers abroad"
"Amazon said it will \"no longer operate a marketplace on Amazon.cn\" and \"will no longer be providing seller services on Amazon.cn effective July 18.\""
"The move underscores how entrenched, home-grown e-commerce rivals have made it difficult for Amazon's marketplace to gain traction in China. Consumer research firm iResearch Global said Alibaba Group Holding's Tmall marketplace and JD.com controlled 82 per cent of the Chinese e-commerce market last year."
"* Q1 revenue down 16 pct on year in U.S. dollar terms
(Recasts, adds other company comment)
  
"
"Users of Android devices will
be able to choose their browsers and search engines from five
options starting on Thursday, a senior Google executive said, in
a move aimed at addressing EU antitrust concerns and staving off
fresh sanctions.
  
"
"Apple Inc and
Qualcomm Inc on Tuesday settled an acrimonious two-year
legal dispute. Shortly afterward, Intel Corp said it
will exit the smartphone modem chip business.
  
"
"Apple Inc is notorious for
keeping what happens in its laboratories a closely guarded
secret. But the iPhone maker plans to share openly everything
that happens in its newest lab in Austin, Texas.
  
"
"Apple will open a 'Material Recovery' lab to investigate new techniques using robotics and machine learning to rip apart its devices and recover valuable materials such as copper, aluminum and cobalt"
"Also, question mark over Russell's fitness after blow to the shoulder during training"
"Here's how technology companies and products were cited in the Mueller report."
"Apple may also be paying Qualcomm between $8 and $9 per iPhone in patent royalty fees."
"Express Logic says it has 6.2 billion deployments of its ThreadX operating system, reflecting the widespread nature of connected devices."
"The U.S. Department of
Agriculture on Thursday said it has launched a pilot program in
New York that allows consumers dependant on food stamps to use
them to buy groceries online, a move that is likely to boost
sales at retailers like Walmart Inc and Amazon.com Inc
.
  
"
"Users of Android devices in
Europe will be able to choose rival browsers and search engines
from five options starting on Thursday, a senior Google
executive said, as the company tries to quell EU antitrust
concerns and stave off fresh penalties.
  
"
"A New Mexico regulatory authority is requiring the state's largest uts data center ? a move the social media giant says it was not a utility to bill Facebook $39 mn for a new transmission line construction for expecting.  Commission members contend that the utility cannot bill ratepayers for the transmission project because the line will not benefit retail customers."
"The company originally said in March that thousands of Instagram passwords were exposed, but updated that figure Thursday."
"The agreement ends an almost 4-year long conflict between YouTube and Amazon, when Amazon stopped selling Google's Chromecast streaming adapter on its web store"
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission are seeking more time from a federal court to settle
a dispute over Musk's use of Twitter, according to a court
filing Thursday.
  
"
"On April 4, a federal judge gave Musk and the SEC two weeks to work out their differences, punting a request from the agency to hold him in contempt of court for allegedly violating an October securities fraud settlement. Now they want one more week."
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission are seeking more time from a federal court to settle
a dispute over Musk's use of Twitter, according to a court
filing Thursday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission will get another week to settle a dispute over Musk's
use of Twitter, a federal judge ruled Thursday.
  
"
"TikTok, which is very popular among children, is facing criticism for circulation of \"pornographic content\"."
"U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan in Manhattan extended the deadline by one week to April 25, in response to a Thursday court filing where both sides requested the extension and said \"discussions are ongoing\""
"Asia's richest man has ambitions to take on Amazon.com Inc. and Walmart Inc. in India, where the power of the middle class is growing along with demand for e-commerce"
"Regulators and lawmakers worldwide have begun to take a firmer stance against executives whose companies are found guilty of wrongdoing."
"Facebook has now revealed that millions of Instagram passwords were stored on its servers in a readable format.  \"Our investigation has determined that these stored passwords were not internally abused or improperly accessed,\" the social media firm said in a blog post update."
"Tesla Inc said on Friday that
four members of its eleven-member board would be leaving over
the next two years, as the electric car company looks to
streamline its board.
  
"
"Brad Buss, Antonio Gracias, Stephen Jurvetson, and Linda Johnson Rice will not be standing for re-election in the upcoming annual meetings"
"Apple said 44 of its suppliers have committed to 100 per cent renewable energy for their production of Apple products, Yonhap news agency reported late on Thursday"
"Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale arrived in Beijing on Sunday to hold talks on key issues concerning India-China relations with top Chinese officials and foreign minister Wang Yi as the two countries grapple with a host of issues, including Beijing's continuous attempts to block efforts to list Jaish-e-Mohammed's chief Masood Azhar as a \"global terrorist\"."
"The company also claimed that Hothi even swerved so close to the car that its crash avoidance safety feature was triggered"
"U.S. electric vehicle maker
Tesla Inc on Monday said it had sent a team to
investigate a video on Chinese social media which showed a
parked Tesla car exploding.
  
"
"U.S. electric vehicle maker
Tesla Inc on Monday said it had sent a team to
investigate a video on Chinese social media which showed a
parked Tesla Model S car exploding.
  
"
"Tesla said Monday it immediately sent a team to investigate an explosion of one of its cars in Shanghai Sunday evening local time."
"The world's largest democracy represents a key proving ground for Silicon Valley's battered disinformation amplifier"
NA
"* Comes as Tesla is trying to drive sales in China
(Adds analyst comment, background)
  
"
"* Incident comes as Tesla is trying to drive sales in China
(Adds a separate Nio incident)
  
"
"As fast-paced social reforms shake up the petro-state and aggressive nationalism takes root, inconsistent state responses to perceived transgressions are muddying public understanding of where the boundaries lie."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Evercore downgraded Tesla to \"underperform\" from \"in-line\" on Monday."
"This week is the busiest week of earnings, and Craig Johnson and Mark Tepper say Amazon is the name to watch ahead of earnings."
"Randeep Hothi is required to stay at least 100 yards away from Tesla's Fremont factory and its employees."
"Apple is a big spender on Amazon's cloud -- and it isn't going anywhere anytime soon."
"The options market is not pricing in how volatile trading could get in the wake of earnings releases by Facebook and Amazon on Wednesday and Thursday."
"* Incident comes as Tesla is trying to drive sales in China
(Adds Evercore downgrade, autonomy conference details, share
price)
  
"
"A 5G-equipped iPhone with a faster cellular internet connection would give consumers a reason to upgrade from older models."
"* Shares fall 4 percent
(Recasts; adds analyst quotes, updates share price)
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Tesla Inc
broadcast a web presentation on Monday to update investors about
its self-driving strategy as Chief Executive Elon Musk tries to
show that the electric car maker's massive investment in the
sector will pay off.
  
"
"Tesla Inc
broadcast a web presentation on Monday to update investors about
its self-driving strategy as Chief Executive Elon Musk tries to
show that the electric car maker's massive investment in the
sector will pay off.
  
"
"Tesla Inc
unveiled on Monday technical details on the computer chip at the
center of its self-driving strategy as Chief Executive Elon Musk
tries to show that the electric car maker's massive investment
in the sector will pay off.
  
"
"Chief Executive Elon
Musk unveiled on Monday a microchip for self-driving vehicles
that the electric car company hopes will give Tesla Inc
an edge over rivals.
Musk invited investors and analysts to its Silicon Valley
headquarters to persuade them its massive investment in
autonomous driving technology will pay off. The presentation
comes two days before Tesla is expected to announce a quarterly
loss on fewer deliveries of its Model 3 sedan, which represents
T
  
"
"Facebook said Jennifer Newstead is joining the company as general counsel, succeeding Colin Stretch"
"Chief Executive Elon Musk said Tesla
Inc robotaxis with no human drivers would be available
in some markets next year thanks to exponential improvements in
technology.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Monday named the
legal adviser to the U.S. State Department as its general
counsel, as the social media giant faces growing regulatory
hurdles and privacy concerns.
  
"
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk said on Monday that he's \"very confident\" predicting autonomous robotaxis will hit the road in 2020."
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"Chief Executive Elon
Musk said Tesla Inc robotaxis with no human drivers
would be available in some U.S. markets next year, continuing a
habit of bold pronouncements that have excited many investors
while often missing deadlines.
  
"
"Chief Executive Elon
Musk said Tesla Inc robotaxis with no human drivers
would be available in some U.S. markets next year, continuing a
habit of bold pronouncements that have excited many investors
while often missing deadlines.
  
"
"T?he vision sketched out Monday during an event at Tesla's Silicon Valley headquarters requires several leaps of faith"
"Three years after its release, the album is available to stream on all platforms"
"* Amazon, Monoprix to extend Prime Now outside Paris in 12
months
(Adds details, context)
  
"
"French supermarket retailer
Casino said on Tuesday that it was beefing up its
partnership with tech giant Amazon following the
success of an earlier deal between its Monoprix supermarket
chain and Amazon in Paris.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's
struggles with hate speech and other types of problematic
content are being hampered by the company's inability to keep up
with a flood of new languages as mobile phones bring social
media to every corner of the globe.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's
struggles with hate speech and other types of problematic
content are being hampered by the company's inability to keep up
with a flood of new languages as mobile phones bring social
media to every corner of the globe.
  
"
"French supermarket retailer Casino said it was beefing up its partnership with tech giant Amazon following the success of an earlier deal between its Monoprix supermarket chain and Amazon in Paris."
"* Amazon, Monoprix to extend Prime Now outside Paris
(Adds Amazon context, shares , details on debt)
  
"
"Google, Facebook
and Twitter have to do more to tackle fake news
ahead of key European Parliament elections next month, the
European Commission said on Tuesday, as its latest report showed
a lack of progress in some areas.
  
"
"* Amazon, Monoprix to extend Prime Now outside Paris
(Adds comments from Casino official and from fund manager)
  
"
"\"It's financially insane to buy anything other than a Tesla,\" says the CEO of the electric auto maker."
"Voices of support have also come from staff and former employees at Facebook, Google and TripAdvisor."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"TMZ Sports reports Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson gifted $156,000 worth of Amazon stock to the 13 offensive linemen, or $12,000 each."
"If you signed up for Apple News+ on March 25, you'll be billed $9.99 on April 25 to continue using the service."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk touted robotaxis by 2020 on Tesla Autonomy Investor Day, and Wall Street's reaction? Not impressed."
"Qualcomm is already on a tear after settling its dispute with Apple."
"Starting in July, Kohl's will be accepting Amazon returns at all of its stores ? more than 1,150 ? across the country, hoping to drive more traffic to stores."
"Food stamp recipients will be able to use online delivery services to buy groceries under a two-year pilot program that just launched in New York."
"In a sign of how fast things are changing, two of the three finalists for World Car of the Year at the 2019 New York show were fully electric with the Jaguar I-Pace taking Car of the Year, World Car Design and World Green Car for 2019."
"Kohl's Corp said on Tuesday
items bought on Amazon.com Inc can now be returned at
all its U.S. stores starting July, deepening its partnership
with the e-commerce giant and sending its shares up as much as 9
percent.
  
"
"The Queen Bey is certainly full of surprises. Three years to the day after it was released, Beyonc's landmark \"Lemonade\" album is finally now available on all major platforms."
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced at an investor event Monday that he expects the company to operate robo-taxis next year."
"Electric carmaker Lucid Motors on
Tuesday named Peter Rawlinson, former chief engineer of Tesla
Inc's Model S, as its chief executive officer,
effective immediately.
  
"
"Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the tech industry very much needs to be regulated but he's \"not confident\" in U.S. lawmakers to do it right."
"The LGBTQ community and major employers say a bill passed by the Texas Senate is a license to discriminate, giving professionals the right to turn away people based on religious beliefs. Amazon, Dell, Apple and Facebook urged Texas to drop the bill."
"The event served as a distraction from Tesla's recent operational, regulatory and financial troubles, which will be in full focus during the company's first-quarter earnings report on Wednesday."
"Brazilian retailer Magazine
Luiza on Tuesday announced it would start selling
physical books online for pickup in its chain comprised of
almost 1,000 stores, using its national footprint to compete
with traditional booksellers and Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Wing Aviation unit on Tuesday got the okay to start delivering
goods by drone in Virginia later this year, making the sister
unit of search engine Google the first company to get U.S. air
carrier certification, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Wing Aviation unit on Tuesday got the okay to start delivering
goods by drone in Virginia later this year, making the sister
unit of search engine Google the first company to get U.S. air
carrier certification, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google has completed a 10,000-kilometer (6,214-mile) subsea
cable linking the coast of California to Chile, a key step in
its plans to bolster its global cloud computing infrastructure.
  
"
"Apple's CEO is still upset about a court battle with the FBI from 2016 following the San Bernadino terrorist attack."
"The top Democrats and
Republicans on the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee on
Tuesday wrote Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai raising
concerns about reports of a massive database of precise consumer
location information on hundreds of millions of consumers known
as \"Sensorvault.\"
  
"
"Musk also said Tesla is developing \"neural networks\" of computers that can mimic the human brain and will enable driverless cars to operate safely using only cameras and radar sensors"
"The top Democrats and
Republicans on the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee on
Tuesday wrote Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai raising
concerns about reports of a massive database known as
Sensorvault containing precise consumer location information on
hundreds of millions of devices.
  
"
"Top U.S. lawmakers on
Tuesday wrote to Google's chief executive raising concerns about
reports of a massive database known as Sensorvault that
allegedly contains precise consumer location information from
hundreds of millions of devices.
  
"
"Tesla Inc, struggling with
delay in delivery of its higher-priced Model S and X luxury
cars, said on Tuesday it will bring back lower-priced options
for those cars and roll out upgrades to improve their driving
range and re-charging speed.
  
"
"Tesla, struggling with delay in delivery of its higher-priced Model S and X luxury cars, said on Tuesday it will bring back lower-priced options for those cars and roll out upgrades to improve their driving range and re-charging speed."
"Ousmane Bah, 18, said he was arrested at his home in New York in November and charged with stealing from an Apple store. The arrest warrant included a photo that didn?t resemble Bah, he said in a lawsuit filed on Monday."
"In a win for Netflix, Amazon and other internet streaming services, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has voted not to change its rules for winning an Oscar, Hollywood's top prize.
  
"
"Electric carmaker Lucid Motors on Tuesday named Peter Rawlinson, former chief engineer of Tesla Inc's Model S, as its chief executive officer, effective immediately"
"Alibaba's overseas cloud expansion will continue to outpace its domestic growth as the company pushes further into other countries"
"Alphabet's Wing Aviation unit got the okay to start delivering goods by drone in Virginia later this year."
"Movies from streaming platforms like Netflix and Amazon Prime will still be eligible for Academy Awards, the film body's board says."
"The mind-blowing concept is something Musk first outlined in a master plan three years ago, but now he believes Tesla's technology is capable to turning his dream into reality"
"Tesla investors await updates on service improvements, the Shanghai Gigafactory and Model 3 margins."
"Apple shares are trading above their average price target, but analysts are still the most bearish they've been on the stock in 15 years."
"Goldman Sachs underscored its lukewarm thesis on Apple and said it believes the company will ship fewer iPhones than Wall Street expects."
"The solar photovoltaic projects would be set up in Virginia and North Carolina and will by operational by mid-2020"
"With Facebook set to release quarterly results Wednesday afternoon, Wall Street wants to know how well the company is preparing to make money beyond ads."
"U.S. electric pickup truck startup
Rivian Automotive LLC said on Wednesday that Ford Motor Co
invested $500 million in the company, which is seen as one of
the major rivals to Tesla Inc.
  
"
"Focals are the best smart glasses to hit the market. They're from a company called North, which got backing from Amazon, Intel and others. CNBC's Adam Isaak tried them out."
"Ford Motor said on Wednesday it was
investing $500 million in U.S. electric pickup truck startup
Rivian Automotive LLC, becoming the latest deep pocket investor
in the firm, which is seen as a potential rival to Silicon
Valley's Tesla Inc.
  
"
"Ford Motor Co said on Wednesday
it will invest $500 million in U.S. electric vehicle startup
Rivian Automotive LLC, joining Amazon.com Inc in
backing the potential rival to Silicon Valley's Tesla Inc
.
  
"
"Ford Motor Co said on Wednesday
it will invest $500 million in U.S. electric vehicle startup
Rivian Automotive LLC, joining Amazon.com Inc in
backing the potential rival to Silicon Valley's Tesla Inc
.
  
"
"Tesla heads into its earnings report out after the bell Wednesday trading at its lowest level in six months. One strategist says it should get even worse for the electric car maker."
"Amazon says 'access to internal tools is highly controlled, granted to a limited number of employees'"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk said on Wednesday he was considering building
a factory in Germany, responding to a user's suggestion https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1121114038446858241
on Twitter.
  
"
"After lackluster Model 3 deliveries, Tesla is expected to post a loss of 69 cents per share on revenue of $5.2 billion for Q1 2019, according to a consensus of analysts surveyed by Refinitiv."
"Microsoft is kicking off tech earnings season, with the mega-cap companies all slated to report in the next week."
"Facebook investors will be looking for signs it can shift its business to focus more on privacy while continuing to grow revenue and users."
"Facebook Inc beat analysts'
estimates for quarterly revenue on Wednesday, aided by growth in
its Instagram business and a surge in advertising spending by
companies while also warning it could face up to $5 billion in
losses related to an official U.S. privacy investigation.
  
"
"The Federal Trade Commission launched a probe into the company following the Cambridge Analytica scandal."
"Microsoft Corp beat Wall
Street estimates for quarterly revenue on Wednesday, fueled by
its Azure cloud computing unit and the continued shift to the
subscription version of its Office software.
  
"
"Facebook Inc beat analysts'
estimates for quarterly revenue on Wednesday, aided by growth in
its Instagram business and a surge in advertising sales, while
also setting aside up to $5 billion to cover anticipated
official U.S. privacy penalties.
  
"
"Facebook Inc beat analysts'
estimates for quarterly revenue on Wednesday, aided by growth in
its Instagram business and a surge in advertising spending by
companies while also warning it could face up to $5 billion in
losses related to an official U.S. privacy investigation.
  
"
"Twitter was ablaze on
Wednesday with humorous commentary and speculation over why
Tesla Inc's first-quarter earnings release was so late.
As of 5:05 p.m. ET (2105 GMT), one hour after the market close,
the results still had not been released.
  
"
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"Tesla Inc on Wednesday
reported a $700 million loss for the first quarter and said it
would also lose money in the second as it struggled to deliver
cars to customers and launched a cheaper version of its Model 3
sedan.
  
"
"Tesla Inc lost $700 million in
the first quarter but predicted it would return to profit in the
third quarter as it cut costs and improved delivery after facing
issues ramping up shipments outside the United States.
  
"
"When asked during a Wednesday earnings call if Tesla is considering launching an insurance program, Musk says the company is working on one."
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday blew
away Wall Street profit estimates in the first quarter as it
kept a lid on the costs of making its social networks safer, and
set aside $3 billion to cover a settlement with U.S. regulators,
calming investors who had worried about the outcome of a
months-long federal probe.
  
"
"Tesla Inc lost $700 million in
the first quarter but predicted it would return to profit in the
third quarter as it cuts costs and improves delivery after
facing issues ramping up shipments outside the United States.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday blew
away Wall Street profit estimates in the first quarter as it
kept a lid on the costs of making its social networks safer, and
set aside $3 billion to cover a settlement with U.S. regulators,
calming investors who had worried about the outcome of a
months-long federal probe.
  
"
"Tesla Inc on Wednesday
reported a 36 percent slide in solar installations and said it
had implemented a new selling strategy months after ending a
partnership to sell the rooftop systems in busy Home Depot
stores.
  
"
"Tesla braces investors for another quarter in the red"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon
Musk suggested on Wednesday a capital raise could be imminent,
as the electric vehicle maker lost $700 million in the first
quarter and predicted a return to profit in the third.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Wednesday blew
past Wall Street profit estimates in the first quarter and set
aside $3 billion to cover a settlement with U.S. regulators,
calming investors who had worried about the outcome of a
months-long federal probe.
  
"
"Executives said in a conference call with investors that they expected expenses to grow 47 to 55 percent this year, updating their earlier forecast of an increase of 40 to 50 per cent"
"In its first-quarter investor letter, Tesla said solar deployments were 47 megawatts during the period, down from 73 MW in the previous quarter"
"Panasonic Corp may
upgrade one of its battery plants in Japan to produce
advanced-format battery cells for Tesla Inc if needed
by the U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker, a person familiar with
the matter told Reuters on Thursday.
  
"
"Microsoft shares rose 4.4 per cent to $130.54 in late trading after the forecast issued on a conference call with investors, pushing the company ahead of Apple Inc's $980 billion market capitalisation"
"Listen to Jakob Dylan?s Mamas & the Papas cover from the documentary?s soundtrack"
"The California-based company reported a loss of $702 million in the first three months of this year after two consecutive quarters of profit"
"The adjustment pushed the world?s largest planemaker behind European rival Airbus in the race for business this year as both companies grappled with cancellations that outweighed new orders in the first quarter."
"Dow and S&P futures were pressured by a
steep fall in industrial company 3M's shares on Thursday, while
upbeat results from high-flying companies Facebook and Microsoft
supported Nasdaq futures.
  
"
"On Thursday, Nick Lowery will begin to defend his position when the 2019 CNBC Stock Draft kicks off on \"Power Lunch.\""
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Since 1851, Corning has evolved from a light bulb manufacturer to making high-tech glass products for companies like Apple, Verizon and Samsung. Here is a look at how Corning has continuously reinvented itself to keep up with the changing times."
"Wedbush lowered its rating of Tesla shares to neutral from outperform on Thursday after the company reported a first-quarter loss that was far worse than Wall Street expected."
"Facebook reported 286 million daily active users in Europe in the first quarter of this year, 4 million more than in the prior quarter."
"Tesla will soon need to raise billions more in capital, Morgan Stanley said on Thursday."
"Tesla's first-quarter loss was \"catastrophic\" and the board should hold CEO Elon Musk responsible, says management expert Jeffrey Sonnenfeld."
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq index hit a fresh
record at the open on Thursday after strong results from
Facebook and Microsoft, while a slump in industrial conglomerate
3M weighed on the Dow and limited gains on the S&P.
  
"
"Apple is recalling power plugs sold in Hong Kong, Singapore and the U.K."
"Apple is the only one to have spent much time above the $1 trillion valuation"
"Microsoft shares jumped to a record and pushed the company past the $1 trillion mark on better-than-expected earnings and revenue."
"Amazon's decelerating growth could signal a new reality for the e-commerce and cloud giant ? less expansion but bigger profit margins."
"Facebook's lead regulator in
the European Union, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner, on
Thursday said it had launched an inquiry into whether the
company violated EU data rules by saving user passwords in plain
text format on internal servers.
  
"
"Facebook Inc committed
serious contraventions of Canadian privacy law and failed to
take responsibility for protecting the personal information of
citizens, Canada's federal privacy commissioner said on
Thursday.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp's market value
vaulted above the $1 trillion mark for the first time in regular
session trade on Thursday, pulling ahead of Apple Inc
and making it the most valuable U.S. publicly traded company
after quarterly earnings and revenue beat Wall Street
expectations.
  
"
"Facebook's lead regulator in
the European Union, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner, on
Thursday said it had launched an inquiry into whether the
company violated EU data rules by saving user passwords in plain
text format on internal servers.
  
"
"Facebook Inc broke
Canadian privacy laws when it collected the information of some
600,000 citizens, a top watchdog said on Thursday, pledging to
seek a court order to force the social media giant to change its
practices.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"If you use Google apps on your phone, Google keeps a log of everywhere you go with stunning detail. Here's how to stop Google from tracking your location and delete its log of where you've been."
"An earnings beat has Facebook shares flying. Three experts give their take on the quarter."
"Facebook Inc broke
Canadian privacy laws when it collected the information of some
600,000 citizens, a top watchdog said on Thursday, pledging to
seek a court order to force the social media giant to change its
practices.
  
"
"Facebook is going to take out $218 per share, CNBC's Jim Cramer says. The stock hit that all-time high last summer."
"Google will not have
to pay 1.1 billion euros ($1.22 billion) in back taxes demanded
by French authorities, an appeals court in France ruled on
Thursday, dashing the government's bid to overturn a 2017
decision.
  
"
"Are you looking for the perfect Mother's Day or birthday present? What about stocks?"
"* Dow falls 0.48%, S&P up 0.04%, Nasdaq gains 0.25%
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"Once launched, Facebook's WhatsApp Pay would directly compete with players such as Alphabet's Google Pay, Walmart owned PhonePe, Amazon Pay and Alibaba-backed Paytm in India"
"Facebook Inc on
Thursday barred a New Mexico-based paramilitary group that has
stopped undocumented migrants near the U.S.-Mexico border from
using its fundraising tools and said it would remove any of its
posts that violated company policies.
  
"
"The quarterly numbers come at a time when Amazon is experiencing slowing revenue growth but fatter profit margins."
"AWS continues to grow rapidly and drive profits for its parent company."
"The S&P 500 ended Thursday's
session slightly lower as a dive in industrials stocks and
concerns about slowing global growth overshadowed gains in
Facebook Inc and Microsoft Corp.
  
"
"New York Attorney General Letitia James
said on Thursday she is investigating Facebook Inc?s
unauthorized collection of up to 1.5 million Facebook users'
email contact databases, the latest issue involving the privacy
of the company's users.
  
"
"Amazon's ad sales are still growing, but much slower than before."
"Facebook Inc broke
Canadian privacy laws when it collected the information of some
600,000 citizens, a top watchdog said on Thursday, pledging to
seek a court order to force the social media giant to change its
practices.
  
"
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"New York Attorney General Letitia James
said on Thursday she is investigating Facebook Inc's
unauthorized storage of up to 1.5 million Facebook users' email
contact databases, the latest privacy issue to affect the U.S.
social media giant.
  
"
"Prime members are soon going to see the default two-day free shipping go to one-day shipping."
"Maximize your brand's exposure with these easy-to-implement tactics.
       
"
"Strategies to ramp up your SEO to produce more foot traffic and site visits.
       
"
"Gain insider info and land on Google's front page with these keyword programs.
       
"
"Confused about whether to go with Facebook, Twitter, Instagram? A video? A blog? Here are suggested strategies on how to cull that list.
       
"
"One survey found that 58 percent of respondents were negatively impacted with a drop in SEO ranking. Here are your options.
       
"
"This two-day course will have recruiters banging down your door.
       
"
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon
Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday
sought a second delay and requested to provide the court another
joint submission on or before April 30, indicating whether they
have reached an agreement to settle a dispute over Musk's use of
Twitter, both parties said in a court filing.
  
"
"U.S. social media giant Facebook Inc
on Thursday said it has filed a lawsuit in U.S. Federal
court, against a company and three people in New Zealand,
alleging the sale of fake engagement services on its Instagram
photo-sharing platform.
Facebook, in a blogpost http://bit.ly/2L4Bpep, said the
company and individuals - whom it did not name - used various
other companies and websites to sell the services. It said it
issued warnings and suspended associated accounts but that th
  
"
"Tesla chief Elon Musk and the SEC asked for a second delay and requested to provide the court another joint submission indicating whether they have reached an agreement over Musk's Twitter use on or before April 30."
"Democratic
presidential hopeful John Hickenlooper, a former governor of
Colorado, will release an anti-monopoly plan in California on
Friday that could challenge the dominance of such companies as
Amazon and Google, his campaign told Reuters.
  
"
"California's Democratic governor has signed a law requiring companies like Amazon and eBay to collect sales taxes on behalf of some out-of-state sellers."
"Shifts in the nature of Amazon's business have afforded the company windfalls that it now can apply toward its ambitious delivery programme"
"Shares of Tesla were about flat after the results, which came more than an hour after they were expected and after a sales contraction in the quarter raised investor concerns"
"Facebook filed a lawsuit in a U.S. federal court against a New Zealand company and three people for allegedly selling fake likes, views and followers to Instagram users."
"Amid the Avengers: Endgame mayhem, Google has come out with a feature to allow users to play with Thanos' destructive power"
"In breaking down Amazon's first quarter earnings, Wall Street analysts focused on the company's announcement that it would shorten standard delivery for its Prime members to one day."
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Shares jumped by 5% on Thursday, catapulting the company beyond $1 trillion in market value."
"Easter may be over, but Google has a special \"Avengers: Endgame\"-themed \"Easter egg\" in honor of the blockbuster film."
"Mark Newton and Mark Tepper say among Microsoft, Amazon, Google's Alphabet and Apple, that Amazon is tops."
"Amazon just raised the bar for Walmart and Target to offer ever faster and cheaper shipping for online purchases."
"In a Facebook post, finance minister Arun Jaitley said the desperation reached a peak when Rahul Gandhi offered four Lok Sabha seats in Delhi to the AAP without realising that its chief Arvind Kejriwal was \"playing games\" with the Congress. The minister further claimed that going by the euphoric reaction on the ground, the BJP would get a larger mandate than 2014."
"\"It was gunaah ki parakashtha (the height of atrocity). You arrest a person just on the basis of mere suspicion and inflict physical and mental torture on her for nine years. The stress that she had to endure weakened her physically and she got afflicted with cancer. She is not a terrorist but a nationalist lady,\" Yoga guru Ramdev told reporters in Patna."
"Slack said in its IPO prospects that it's committed to spending at least $50 million a year on AWS through 2023."
"Facebook took a $3 billion charge this week concerning a Federal Trade Commission investigation over whether the company violated a 2011 privacy settlement with the agency"
"Amazon has a useful tool that will provide you with a list of everything you've ever ordered, including the price you paid and the vendor."
"Blue Origin, the space company founded by Amazon chairman Jeff Bezos, shared a cryptic photo of famed explorer Ernest Shackleton's expedition in a tweet on Friday."
"Fed Chairman Jerome Powell is expected to emphasize that the Fed is patient and will hold interest rates steady."
"Amazon is providing more detail on its investments in video and music programming that are offered as an incentive to its Prime members."
"Intel Corp is exploring
strategic options for its modem chip business, including a
possible sale to Apple or another acquirer, the Wall Street
Journal reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the
matter.
  
"
"Ford's big gains after its first-quarter earnings lead the 116-year-old automaker to pass the market capitalization of Elon Musk's struggling electric car maker Tesla. The value of Tesla shares has fallen roughly 30% this year."
"Intel Corp is exploring
strategic options for its modem chip business, including a
possible sale to Apple or another acquirer, the Wall Street
Journal reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the
matter.
  
"
"Intel Corp is exploring
strategic options for its modem chip business, including a
possible sale to Apple or another acquirer, the Wall Street
Journal reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the
matter.
  
"
"Besides Walmart, Amazon is set to face competition from the yet to be launched e-commerce business of Reliance Industries"
"As technology companies move into consumer finance, Wall Street banks face the dilemma of beating them or joining them."
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk has reached a deal with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission to settle a dispute over Musk's use of
Twitter, Musk and the SEC said in a court filing on Friday.
  
"
"The two parties originally settled the charges in September, but the SEC later sued Musk saying he violated the terms of that agreement."
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk has reached a deal with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission to settle a dispute over Musk's use of
Twitter, according to a court filing on Friday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk has reached a deal with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission to settle a dispute over his use of
Twitter, agreeing to submit his public statements about the
company's finances and other topics to vetting by its legal
counsel, according to a court filing on Friday.
  
"
"Indian wrestling's poster boy Bajrang Punia will soon walk the famed hallways of the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York, US. Bajrang is the first Indian to be invited by USA Wrestling, the national governing body for the sport in the US, to participate in the \"Grapple at the Garden - Beat the Streets\" fight night, scheduled on May 6."
"The settlement between Musk and the SEC sets out clearer guidelines on topics Musk should avoid on Twitter or other social media"
NA
"The hype around Amazon's ad business has faded and advertisers are thinking more carefully about which platforms provide the highest return."
"Amazon revealed a plan to offer Prime members one-day shipping, but the biggest logistics innovation from Jeff Bezos may depend on Scout, a robot."
"Amazon.com Inc said it would spend $800 million in the current quarter to reduce delivery times for top customers to one day from two"
"India wrapped up their campaign at the Asian Wrestling Championships on a resounding note with 16 medals after Greco-Roman grapplers added a silver and a bronze on the concluding day on Sunday. Harpreet Singh settled for a silver in 82kg while Gyanender won a bronze in 60kg."
"Google veteran is launching a new medical app for patients to record their doctor visits -- and share them with their family-members."
"Mother may I stay in and watch what's streaming?"
NA
"When Apple reports second-quarter earnings on Tuesday after the bell, sales will be down from the same time last year."
NA
"A new agreement lays out in detail exactly what kinds of statements must be reviewed."
"The Barclays analyst said the recent weakness in the stock due to Amazon competition concerns is a buying opportunity."
"Tesla Inc said on Monday it
could seek alternative financing sources although it expects
cash generated from its business would be enough to fund its
investments and pay down debt.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Monday it
could seek alternative sources of financing although it expects
cash generated from its business to be enough to fund its
investments and pay down debt for at least the next 12 months.
  
"
"Apple says it removed parental control apps for security reasons."
"Facebook's annual F8 developer conference promises to put a focus on the company's messaging apps as the social network shifts toward privacy."
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday asked the Trump administration to offer its views on
whether it should hear Google's bid to end Oracle
Corp's copyright infringement lawsuit involving the
Android operating system that runs most of the world's
smartphones.
  
"
"Uber will reportedly compare itself to Amazon during its pre-IPO roadshow to justify its losses as it expands its business."
"Loup Ventures' Gene Munster gives his bullish case for Apple ahead of Tuesday's earnings."
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday asked the Trump administration to offer its views on
whether it should hear Google's bid to end Oracle
Corp's copyright infringement lawsuit involving the
Android operating system that runs most of the world's
smartphones.
  
"
"Amazon?s
promise of one-day shipping threatens to upend the retail
sector, but its rivals? physical stores give the likes of
Walmart and Target powerful assets that Amazon itself is
scrambling to match.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday said
it had begun leasing office space and was on track to create 400
positions this year at its second headquarters outside
Washington, D.C., the start of over a decade of hiring.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday said
it had leased office space and posted several jobs for its
second headquarters outside Washington, D.C., the start of more
than a decade of investment and hiring that cities across North
America had sought.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday said
it had leased office space and posted several jobs for its
second headquarters outside Washington, D.C., the start of more
than a decade of investment and hiring that cities across North
America had sought.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Monday it
could seek alternative sources of financing, days after Chief
Executive Officer Elon Musk reached a deal with U.S. securities
regulators to settle a dispute over his Twitter use, removing an
overhang on the stock.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Monday it
could seek alternative sources of financing, days after Chief
Executive Officer Elon Musk reached a deal with U.S. securities
regulators to settle a dispute over his Twitter use, removing an
overhang on the stock.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday said
it had leased office space and posted several jobs for its
second headquarters outside Washington, D.C., the start of more
than a decade of investment and hiring that cities across North
America had sought.
  
"
"Google-parent Alphabet Inc
missed Wall Street estimates for first-quarter revenue on
Monday, amid increased scrutiny on the company's privacy
practices and efforts to restrict advertising on potentially
offensive content.
  
"
"People close to Schmidt insist he has not participated in consulting for Biden or any 2020 Democrat that has hired the firm, Civis Analytics."
"Alphabet Inc's Google failed
to reap the benefits of a strong economy that bolstered rivals
in the first quarter, leaving the search giant's revenue below
Wall Street targets on Monday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google failed
to reap the benefits of a strong economy that bolstered rivals
in the first quarter, leaving the search giant's revenue below
Wall Street targets on Monday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google failed
to reap the benefits of a strong economy that bolstered rivals
in the first quarter as the leading internet ad company faced
increased competition in its search and hardware businesses and
suffered from disruptive changes at YouTube.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday said
it had leased office space and posted several jobs for its
second headquarters outside Washington, D.C., the start of more
than a decade of investment and hiring that cities across North
America had sought.
  
"
"\"A gentle dip ahead of earnings can be the best vaccination against a sell-off,\" Jim Cramer says."
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Monday saw its slowest revenue growth in three years from
increased competition in advertising, stumbles in its smartphone
business and disruptive changes at YouTube that left the leading
internet ad company lagging rivals.
  
"
"The City of London, Wall Street and others are all looking for the next big thing, the next Amazon everyone can get behind and pump billions into the momentum trade."
"Faraday, which has ambitions to overtake Tesla Inc, said in November that it was exploring strategic options, including debt and equity financing, amid a legal fight with Evergrande Health Industry Group Ltd which has since ended"
"Tesla Inc plans to announce
that it has begun selling solar panels and related equipment for
up to 38 percent below the national average price, the New York
Times reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc plans to announce on
Tuesday that it has started selling solar panels and related
equipment for up to 38 percent below the national average price,
the New York Times reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"Shares of chipmaker AMS jumped more than 20% Tuesday morning after the Austrian group posted an upbeat outlook for the second quarter, amid rising demand for its 3D optical sensors in Android smartphones."
NA
"The chairman of Apple supplier
Foxconn will travel to the United States tonight for a
meeting in the White House that is believed to be related to an
investment in Wisconsin, according to a source with direct
knowledge of the matter.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc's
India unit saw a 56 percent rise in the number of local
merchants selling to international markets, hitting export sales
of over $1 billion, the company said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Fiat Chrysler said
on Tuesday it will use technology from Alphabet Inc's
Google and Samsung to connect all its vehicles by 2022,
providing music and video and facilitating future car-sharing
and self-driving capabilities.
  
"
"Indian merchants were exporting more than 140 million products on Amazon's app and website."
"Wall Street analysts cite slowing ad-revenue growth and a lack of transparency for Alphabet's earnings report."
"Oppenheimer's Ari Wald says Amazon is poised to break out, while Point View Wealth Management's John Petrides says it may be getting too big."
"The chairman of Apple supplier
Foxconn will travel to the United States tonight for a
meeting in the White House that is believed to be related to an
investment in Wisconsin, according to a source with direct
knowledge of the matter.
  
"
"Uber's effort to draw a comparison to Amazon is unlikely to convince investors who can clearly see where the analogy falls apart."
"The chairman of Apple supplier
Foxconn will travel to the United States on Tuesday
for a meeting in the White House that is believed to be related
to an investment in Wisconsin, according to a source with direct
knowledge of the matter.
  
"
"U.S. stocks opened mixed on Tuesday, as
investors parsed a barrage of earnings reports, while a slump in
shares of Google-parent Alphabet weighed on the S&P 500 and
Nasdaq.
  
"
"Amazon announced it will expand its Denver Tech Hub and double its tech workforce in the area."
"Ford Motor Co said on Tuesday it
partnered with Amazon.com Inc to allow members of the
ecommerce company's loyalty club Prime to deliver packages to
their cars when they are not at home.
  
"
"He's not the only tech billionaire to make this recommendation."
"Facebook keeps a copy of your location no matter where you go, even if you don't open the app. But you can stop it from logging your location and delete all of your data. Here's how."
"Facebook is expected to peel back the curtain on some of its new initiatives around privacy and messaging at its developer conference."
"It's Amazon's first foray into the freight brokerage space, which includes major competitors like Uber Freight, C.H Robinson, and XPO Logistics."
"Slack board member Chamath Palihapitiya said the company looks like Facebook did when he headed user growth."
"Facebook Inc on Tuesday debuted
an overhaul of its core social network and introduced new
business-focused tools, the first concrete steps in its plan to
refashion itself into a private messaging and e-commerce
company.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on Tuesday unveiled
a redesigned app and rolled out its dating feature to 14 more
countries as it tries to boost user-engagement on its social
network.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's Chief Executive
Officer Mark Zuckerberg said on Tuesday the social media company
is working on \"LightSpeed\" in order to make its Messenger app
smaller in size and faster.
  
"
"CNBC reviews the new Oculus Quest, which offers a full virtual reality experience without the need for a computer."
"The company said Facebook Dating will expand to 14 new countries, including Brazil and Malaysia."
"Facebook has been pushing Groups for the past two years as people shy away from posting things publicly and look for more intimate ways to connect."
"Silicon Valley venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, a long-time Tesla bull, just attacked short seller Jim Chanos."
"Facebook Inc
debuted an overhaul of its core social network on Tuesday,
taking its first concrete steps to refashion itself into a
private messaging and e-commerce company as it tries to move
past a stream of scandals while tapping into new revenue
sources.
  
"
"Investors are looking at Apple's performance in China as well as any additional information on growth of its services business."
"Facebook Inc
debuted an overhaul of its core social network on Tuesday,
taking its first concrete steps to refashion itself into a
private messaging and e-commerce company as it tries to move
past a stream of scandals while tapping new revenue sources.
  
"
"The Nasdaq fell on Tuesday as
shares of Google-parent Alphabet tumbled following a revenue
miss and Apple dropped ahead of its results, though the S&P 500
eked out another record closing high.
  
"
"Alphabet reported decelerating advertising revenue for Google, sending its stock plunging following its first quarter 2019 earnings report."
"Alphabet's Google competes with players such as Amazon Music, Spotify and homegrown companies JioSaavn and Gaana which are rapidly gaining share of the music streaming market in the country"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday forecast
stronger-than-expected third-quarter revenue and Chief Executive
Tim Cook said iPhone sales had started to stabilize in China, a
sign that Apple's price cuts there are helping limit sales
declines.
  
"
"U.S. chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices
Inc reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue on
Tuesday, helped by growth in its data center business, sending
its shares up 6 percent in extended trading.
  
"
"Apple reported revenue for its services segment for its second quarter of 2019 as it seeks to shift attention from iPhone unit sales."
"Google parent company Alphabet Inc
said on Tuesday former chairman and chief executive
officer of the internet search giant, Eric Schmidt, will step
down from its board at the end of his term in June.
  
"
"Apple continues to be among the most cash rich companies in the world even with aggressive plans to expand in the U.S."
"Apple Inc on Tuesday forecast
stronger-than-expected third-quarter revenue and Chief Executive
Tim Cook said iPhone sales had started to stabilize in China, a
sign that Apple's price cuts there are helping limit sales
declines.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday forecast
stronger-than-expected third-quarter revenue and Chief Executive
Tim Cook said iPhone sales had started to stabilize in China, a
sign that Apple's price cuts there are helping limit sales
declines.
  
"
"See which stocks are posting big moves after the bell."
"* Indexes: Dow up 0.2%, S&P 500 up 0.1%, Nasdaq off 0.7%
(Updates to close)
  
"
"Advanced Micro Devices Inc
reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue on Tuesday, as
it sold more chips for data centers and servers, sending its
shares up 6 percent in after-hours trading.
  
"
"Google parent company Alphabet Inc
said on Tuesday former Chairman and Chief Executive
Eric Schmidt and former Google Cloud CEO Diane Greene will step
down from the search company's board in June.
  
"
"Apple Inc on Tuesday forecast
stronger-than-expected third-quarter revenue and Chief Executive
Tim Cook said iPhone sales had started to stabilize in China, a
sign that Apple's price cuts there are helping limit sales
declines.
  
"
"U.S. chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices
Inc beat Wall Street estimates for quarterly revenue and
profit on Tuesday, as the company sold more chips used in data
centers and servers, sending its shares up 6 percent in
after-hours trading.
  
"
"Facebook Inc
debuted an overhaul of its core social network on Tuesday,
taking its first concrete steps to refashion itself into a
private messaging and e-commerce company as it tries to move
past scandals while tapping new revenue sources.
  
"
"* Indexes: Dow up 0.2%, S&P 500 up 0.1%, Nasdaq off 0.7%
(Updates close with details on Apple, revises top)
  
"
"\"Not only did Apple deliver a nice top- and bottom-line beat, but China, the major source of weakness last quarter, is turning around,\" Jim Cramer says."
"Investors aren't appreciating just how well Apple will do in the coming years, says Loup Ventures' Gene Munster."
"* Shares rise as much as 6%, nVidia rises over 1%
(Adds analyst quote, comments from conference call, bullets,
background)
  
"
"The iPhone is becoming less important to Apple's total sales as the smartphone industry stalls and shrinks globally."
"Amazon just launched a new Middle East marketplace, shutting down Souq, the e-commerce site it bought for $580 million in 2017."
"A federal judge on Tuesday
approved a deal struck between Tesla Inc Chief
Executive Elon Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission over Musk's use of Twitter, a court filing showed.
  
"
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
on Tuesday declined to approve Nabriva Therapeutics Plc's
antibiotic for complicated urinary tract infections
(cUTI), even as the nation grapples with the growing problem of
antibiotic resistance.
  
"
"Far from being a Netflix Inc
killer, Apple Inc envisions its forthcoming Apple TV+
streaming service as one that could sit alongside other services
that viewers buy, Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook said on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc said sales in China
were stabilizing and touted how increasing demand for services
and accessories such as Apple Music and the Apple Watch helped
offset a record drop in iPhone revenue.
  
"
"A federal judge on Tuesday approved a deal struck between Tesla Inc chief executive Elon Musk and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over Musk's use of Twitter, a court filing showed."
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration
on Tuesday declined to approve Nabriva Therapeutics Plc's
antibiotic for complicated urinary tract infections
(cUTI), even as the nation grapples with the growing problem of
antibiotic resistance.
  
"
"A U.S. Securities and Exchange
commissioner on Tuesday criticized a settlement between the
regulator and Tesla Inc  CEO Elon Musk over his use of
Twitter.
  
"
"The company aims to cut the prices by standardizing systems and requiring customers order the items online, the report said."
"Eric Schmidt, who has been the chief of the internet giant for a decade, will leave Google board in June when his term expires and won't be seeking re-election. He will continue to advise on technical matters, according to Alphabet, which is Google's parent company. Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin recruited the proven businessman and skilled engineer in 2001."
"As Amazon.com Inc
targets traditional brokerages that match shippers with
truckers, it's also battling a bevy of startups - including Uber
Freight and a company funded by the e-commerce giant's founder
Jeff Bezos.
  
"
"Huawei's smartphone shipments surged 50% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year, while Apple iPhone shipments tumbled 30%."
"The trade-in program led Apple to advertise lower iPhone prices on its homepage and on the windows of Apple Stores in many countries"
"* Apple shares rally after hours following consensus-busting
results
  
"
"Wall Street analysts see Apple headed in the right direction after its earnings report Tuesday, but were less optimistic than the market."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company's prospects in China have significantly improved in just three months."
"U.S. stock index futures jumped on
Wednesday, pointing to a strong open for Wall Street as Apple
Inc's stellar results and forecast allayed concerns about
slowing growth in corporate profits.
  
"
"Futures for Canada's main stock index were
higher on Wednesday, after global equity markets rose as
investors cheered Apple's strong results.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"Walmart Inc-owned
e-commerce firm Flipkart is in talks to buy Indian grocery chain
Namdhari's Fresh, CNBC-TV18 reported on Wednesday, citing
sources.
  
"
"Hundreds of millions of \"dead profiles\" will be added to Facebook's network in the next few decades, a study found, raising questions about how the data of the deceased is being handled."
"Alphabet Inc's Google, the
largest U.S. digital advertising platform, is facing increased
competition from sites where people purchase products and places
thought to be safe from potentially offensive content,
advertising buyers say.
  
"
"E-commerce giant Amazon
has reached out to Israeli retailers to enable them to
sell directly to customers in Israel using its online platform.
  
"
"* Futures up: Dow 0.36%, S&P 0.34%, Nasdaq 0.71%
(Updates prices, adds prices)
  
"
"Canada's main stock index opened higher on
Wednesday, led by gains in technology shares as investors
cheered Apple's strong results.
  
"
"The S&P 500 index opened at an all-time
high on Wednesday, as gains Apple Inc's shares after its stellar
results and forecast powered a rally in technology stocks ahead
of the Federal Reserve's latest policy announcement.
  
"
"Walmart Inc-owned
e-commerce firm Flipkart is in talks to buy Indian grocery chain
Namdhari's Fresh, CNBC-TV18 reported on Wednesday, citing
sources.
  
"
"CEOs, policymakers and investors are expressing more optimism on the outlook for the Chinese economy."
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.19%, S&P 0.13%, Nasdaq 0.33%
(Updates to open)
  
"
"* U.S. dollar, Treasury yields fall
(Updates with open of U.S. markets, changes dateline; previous
LONDON)
  
"
"* Indexes up: Dow 0.23%, S&P 0.11%, Nasdaq 0.37%
(Updates prices, adds comments)
  
"
"Apple could just be one of the many companies getting a boost from the turnaround in Chinese economy."
"\"Obviously what's happened in the last 18 months ... is it's become much more of a subscription stock,\" CNBC's Jim Cramer says."
"Google collects information about everything you do when you're using its services, such as Chrome, YouTube, Google Maps and more."
"Amazon.com Inc
dismissed the idea of running a fully automated warehouse in the
near future, citing the superior cognitive ability of humans and
the limitations of current technology.
  
"
"Names on the move ahead of the open."
"(Reuters) - The S&P 500 index notched a fresh record high on Wednesday, as gains in Apple Inc's shares after forecast-beating results powered a rally in technology stocks ahead of the Federal Reserve's latest policy announcement."
"* Indexes: Dow up 0.01%, S&P off 0.07%, Nasdaq gains 0.22%
(Updates to early afternoon)
  
"
"Microsoft's Bret Arsenault, who serves as its top cybersecurity executive, discussed the top issues facing his company and its clients, and offers advice for smaller firms on how they can get better at eliminating the simplest attacks."
"Amazon.com Inc
dismissed the idea of running a fully automated warehouse in the
near future, citing the superior cognitive ability of humans and
limitations of current technology.
  
"
"The housing finance company has been facing concerns over its asset-liability mismatch as it grapples with its debt obligations"
"Apple shares surged after it reported an earnings beat, but Bernstein's Toni Sacconaghi says \"the business is not particularly healthy.\""
"Google is rolling out a new feature that will automatically delete web and location history for you."
"XPO Logistics Inc, one of the
largest global transport  and warehouse companies, reported on
Wednesday a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit after
it lost $600 million in business from its top customer - widely
believed to be Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"Move is the most visible signal of how the social media giant is starting to emphasise private communications"
"Both companies had held talks, one source familiar with the matter told Reuters"
"The detail confirms that Apple paid a high price to end a legal battle between the two tech giants."
"XPO Logistics Inc, one of the
world's largest global transport and warehouse companies,
reported on Wednesday a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly
profit after it lost $600 million in business from its top
customer - widely believed to be Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"\"As we go three to five years forward, we have a lot of things in the hopper,\" CEO Lisa Su said."
"The session, in a decorated shed in a back yard 15 km north of Bucharest, is one of many consultations the family holds online, alternating them with rituals livestreamed on Facebook to build up their digital following. ?A truly powerful witch can solve problems from a distance,? explains 20-year-old witch Cassandra Buzea."
"Vegan burger maker Beyond Meat Inc, which
counts Microsoft founder Bill Gates and actor Leonardo DiCaprio
among its investors, on Wednesday priced its initial public
stock offering at $25 per share, the top of its anticipated
range in a reflection of brisk investor demand.
  
"
"Facebook Inc and the Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) are negotiating a possible settlement that
would require the company to create an independent privacy
oversight committee and take other steps to safeguard users,
Politico reported on Wednesday, citing a source.
  
"
"Facebook Inc and the Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) are negotiating a possible settlement that
would require the company to create an independent privacy
oversight committee and take other steps to safeguard users,
Politico reported on Wednesday, citing a source.
  
"
"Google's latest privacy tool comes as a long-promised feature from Facebook to delete some of the data it collects on people hasn't yet materialized"
"Canada's Bombardier Inc will
face pressure from skeptical investors at an annual meeting on
Thursday about whether the plane-and-train-maker's turnaround
plan is still on track as its transportation division grapples
with delayed rail contracts.
  
"
"Tesla Inc filed for a mixed shelf
offering for an undisclosed amount on Thursday, a week after
Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk suggested a capital raise
could be imminent.
  
"
"Tesla said in a filing on Friday that CEO Elon Musk plans to buy about $10 million of the company's stock."
"Tesla Inc said on Thursday it had
filed with regulators to launch around $2 billion in fundraising
through issues of new shares and debt, with Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk pitching in $10 million of his own money to
buy shares.
  
"
"Tesla Inc launched issues of new
shares and debt worth more than $2 billion on Thursday, with
Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk pitching in $10 million as the
electric carmaker gave in to Wall Street pressure to bolster its
cash reserves.
  
"
"Tesla Inc announced plans to
raise up to $2.3 billion in new capital on Thursday, easing Wall
Street concerns over the electric carmaker's ability to see
through its ambitious investment plans while it works to deliver
a steady profit.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google unit told a U.S. House panel it spends hundreds of
millions of dollars annually on content review and said it
manually reviewed more than 1 million suspected \"terrorist
videos\" on YouTube in the first three months of 2019.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google unit told a U.S. House panel it annually spends hundreds
of millions of dollars on content review and said it manually
reviewed over 1 million suspected \"terrorist videos\" on YouTube
in the first three months of 2019.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will
raise up to $2.3 billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon
Musk called a \"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns
about the money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in
sales and build new product lines.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will
raise up to $2.3 billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon
Musk called a \"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns
about the money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in
sales and build new product lines.
  
"
"Tesla Inc plans to announce on
Tuesday that it has started selling solar panels and related
equipment for up to 16 percent below the national average price,
the New York Times reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc plans to announce
that it has begun selling solar panels and related equipment for
up to 16 percent below the national average price, the New York
Times reported on Tuesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will
raise up to $2.3 billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon
Musk called a \"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns
about the money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in
sales and build new product lines.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's potential settlement
with federal regulators over breaches of consumer data privacy
is nearing completion, and will likely cover related services
like its WhatsApp messenger, the Wall Street Journal reported on
Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter. https://on.wsj.com/2Y7dNr9
  
"
"On an investor call hosted by Citigroup and Goldman Sachs, Elon Musk talked up Tesla's self-driving story."
"Tesla Inc should find
no shortage of demand for the $1.35 billion convertible bond the
electric carmaker is selling even though the terms it is
offering look inferior on paper to a similar deal two years ago,
bond investors said Thursday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will raise up to $2.3
billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon Musk called a
\"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns about the
money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in sales and
build new product lines.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on
Thursday it was banning Alex Jones and other controversial U.S.
political personalities for violating the social media company's
policies on \"dangerous individuals and organizations.\"
  
"
"Facebook has spoken with various companies, including Visa and MasterCard, about the project, which is known internally as Project Libra, according to the report."
"Berkshire Hathaway has been buying shares of Amazon. But Warren Buffett isn't the one behind the purchases."
"Microsoft Corp on Thursday
announced new tools for software makers aimed at making
technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain
easier for businesses to use.
  
"
"Berkshire Hathaway Inc has been
buying shares of Amazon.com Inc, according to Chief
Executive Officer Warren Buffett, CNBC reported on Thursday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will raise up to $2.3
billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon Musk called a
\"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns about the
money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in sales and
build new product lines.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will raise up to $2.3
billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon Musk called a
\"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns about the
money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in sales and
build new product lines.
  
"
"Berkshire Hathaway Inc has been
buying shares of Amazon.com Inc, according to Chief
Executive Officer Warren Buffett, CNBC reported on Thursday.
  
"
"Warren Buffett said Berkshire Hathaway Inc
has bought shares of internet retailing giant
Amazon.com Inc for the first time, though he has not
been the one doing the buying, CNBC reported on Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's potential settlement
with U.S. regulators over breaches of consumer data privacy is
nearing completion, and the agreement will likely include its
WhatsApp messaging service, the Wall Street Journal reported on
Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter. https://on.wsj.com/2Y7dNr9
  
"
"CNBC went inside the 'machine that builds the machine,' and what could eventually be one of a dozen massive Tesla factories globally."
"The purchase marks a U-turn for Berkshire, where Buffett has long praised the leadership of Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos"
"Copper prices and other
industrial metals rebounded slightly on Friday in thin Labour
Day holiday trade, with electric vehicle maker Tesla Inc
expecting a global shortage for nickel and copper.
  
"
"Tesla Inc expects global shortages of nickel, copper and other electric-vehicle battery minerals in the near future"
"Tesla Inc will raise up to $2.3
billion in new capital, renouncing what Elon Musk called a
\"Spartan diet\" and easing Wall Street concerns about the
money-losing company's ability to overcome a drop in sales and
build new product lines.
  
"
"Huawei's been steadily gaining on Apple and Samsung Electronics Co with an increasingly high-end line-up of devices, particularly in its home market of China"
"The lending was disclosed in Tesla's prospectus on Thursday to raise up to $2.3 billion with new shares and convertible debt."
"Shares in the Silicon Valley company rose more than 5% on news of the capital raise plan"
"Decried as censorship by several of those who got the axe, the move signals a renewed effort by the social media giant to remove people and groups promoting objectionable material such as hate, racism and anti-Semitism. Removing some of the best-known figures of the US political extreme takes away an important virtual megaphone that Facebook has provided."
"Tesla Inc said on Friday its
offering of 3.1 million shares was priced at $243 per share and
Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk will buy shares worth up to
$25 million.
  
"
"Tesla tapped the markets again after Elon Musk overestimated the ability of the Model 3 sedan to generate enough cash for the company to be self-sustaining."
"The world needs to be wary of the
rise of tech giants such as Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon,
comparing their powers to those of countries such as China,
European Council President Donald Tusk said in Warsaw on Friday.
  
"
"Here are some tips and tricks to get the most out of Apple Music, including how to listen to friends' playlists, search for songs by lyrics and more."
"U.S. trade officials rejected
Tesla Inc's bid for relief from President Donald
Trump's 25 percent tariffs on the Chinese-made computer \"brain\"
of its Model 3 electric vehicle,  one of more than 1,000 product
denials linked to China's industrial development plans.
  
"
"U.S. trade officials rejected
Tesla Inc's bid for relief from President Donald
Trump's 25 percent tariffs on the Chinese-made computer \"brain\"
of its Model 3 electric vehicles,  one of more than 1,000
product denials linked to China's industrial development plans.
  
"
"U.S. trade officials rejected
Tesla Inc's bid for relief from President Donald
Trump's 25 percent tariffs on the Chinese-made computer \"brain\"
of its Model 3 electric vehicles,  one of more than 1,000
product denials linked to China's industrial development plans.
  
"
"All 13 LPs by the legendary prog rockers are available to stream now"
"U.S. trade officials rejected
Tesla Inc's bid for relief from President Donald
Trump's 25-percent tariffs on the Chinese-made Autopilot \"brain\"
of its Model 3 and other electric vehicles, one of more than
1,000 product denials linked to China's industrial development
plans.
  
"
"Warren Buffett has said that he underestimated Amazon.com?s Jeff Bezos. Now one of Buffett?s deputies is willing to put money behind the tech giant. Berkshire Hathaway has been buying Amazon shares and the purchases will show up in a regulatory filing later this month, Buffett told CNBC in an interview on Thursday."
"Buffett says bottom-line earning figures
are 'totally capricious'
Buffett says size of cash holdings does not determine
berkshire's willingness to buy back shares
Buffett says he doesn't think u.s. Will go into socialism in
2020 or 2040 or 2060
Vice chairman charlie munger says berkshire has bought things in
china, 'and my guess is we'll buy more'
Buffett says amazon.com has 'become a brand'
Buffett says retailers like amazon, walmart, costco have gained
power relative to consu
  
"
"Buffett says first quarter was weak at all
four of our furniture operations
Buffett says he would not get excited about so-called
alternative investments
Buffett says people who made decision to invest in amazon are as
much value investors as he is
Buffett says berkshire portfolio managers todd combs, ted
weschler are 'absolutely following value principles\" in
investing, including whoever invested in amazon.com
Buffett says 'you could not have two better operating managers'
tha
  
"
"A good plant-based diet includes whole grain foods; fruits like apples and oranges; veggies like leafy greens and sweet potatoes"
"One of Warren Buffett's and Charlie
Munger's biggest regrets was not buying shares of Google owner
Alphabet Inc.
  
"
NA
"Most of this month's new arrivals aren't landing until May 31st. Weird? Yes. Worth the wait? Maybe.
The post What?s New to Stream on Amazon Prime for May 2019 appeared first on Film School Rejects."
"It's been 20 years, and the little sponge who lives in a pineapple under the sea still resonates with people around the world."
"Over the
past year, a team of as many as 260 contract workers in
Hyderabad, India has ploughed through millions of Facebook Inc
photos, status updates and other content posted since
2014.
  
"
"Google marked the 5th phase of seven-phase Lok Sabha polls with a doodle on Monday. For the LS polls, the inked-finger doodle is now a regular feature of Google ? it was also featured in the previous four phases. The reach of the doodle is limited to India. In the fifth phase of Lok Sabha polls, 51 constituencies are going to poll."
"The world's third-richest man also said at his company's annual shareholder meeting that its recent investment in Amazon was not a shift in strategy to focus on Silicon Valley firms, which have largely remained missing from Berkshire's voluminous portfolio."
"The Berkshire founder and CEO Warren Buffett, during the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting last week, said insurance is not an easy business. In an earnings call with analysts in April, Elon Musk revealed his plans to launch an insurance product later in May."
"Over the
past year, a team of as many as 260 contract workers in
Hyderabad, India has ploughed through millions of Facebook Inc
photos, status updates and other content posted since
2014.
  
"
"U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur
Ross said on Monday he planned to discuss India's new e-commerce
rules that could have an impact on operations of firms such as
Amazon and Walmart with his Indian counterpart
on Monday.
  
"
"Highlights include upgrades to core iPhone apps such as Maps, Reminders and Messages; new apps for the Apple Watch"
"Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc
would consider teaming up with Amazon.com Inc and other tech
giants to offer live sports, its chief told Reuters, fresh from
announcing a $9.6 billion deal to buy Disney's regional sports
networks.
  
"
"Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway Inc owns or invests in many companies that do business in China, including Apple Inc, in which it has a more than $50-billion stake"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is set to
roll out a dashboard-like function in its Chrome browser to
offer internet users more control in fending off tracking
cookies, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing
people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is set to
roll out a dashboard-like function in its Chrome browser to
offer users more control in fending off tracking cookies, the
Wall Street Journal reported on Monday, citing people familiar
with the matter.
  
"
"Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc
would consider teaming up with Amazon.com Inc and other tech
giants to offer live sports, its chief told Reuters, fresh from
announcing a $9.6 billion deal to buy Disney's regional sports
networks.
  
"
"The death toll due to cyclone 'Fani' rose to 35 in Odisha on Monday, as lakhs of people still grapple with water shortage & snapped power supply, 3 days after the storm barrelled through coastal parts of the state, officials said. While a maximum of 21 people died in Puri, 4 deaths each were reported from Mayurbhanj & Jajpur, & 3 each in Cuttack & Kendrapara."
"Two U.S. senators on Monday
criticized reported plans for a Federal Trade Commission
settlement with Facebook Inc for misuse of consumers'
personal data, saying that top officials, potentially including
founder Mark Zuckerberg, must be held personally responsible.
  
"
"Two U.S. senators on Monday
criticized reported plans for a Federal Trade Commission
settlement with Facebook Inc for misuse of consumers'
personal data, saying that top officials, potentially including
founder Mark Zuckerberg, must be held personally responsible.
  
"
"
    FACEBOOK has never been at a point at which its actions are so starkly in opposition to what it claims. In its earnings announcement on April 24, Facebook revealed that it has a war chest of US$3 billion for a potential fine resulting from its ongoing case with the Federal Trade Commission over privacy violations.
"
"* Apple suppliers tank on double whammy of earnings and
China
demand concerns
  
"
"A team of over 250 overworked techies in Hyderabad have been parsing through your Facebook photos, categorising them into five \"dimensions\" and trying to figure out why you posted those pictures. These contract workers have been going through the photos posted since 2014 ? the first step towards an autonomous photo recognition."
"Alphabet Inc's Google
said on Tuesday it has launched a four-month programme in Israel
to help startups grow globally using its experts and tools.
  
"
"Employees say customers complain that the classes proceed only as quickly as the slowest learner and recommend bringing back the one-on-one sessions"
"Modi has a total audience of 110.9 million on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Former US President Barack Obama's total following stood at 182.7 million, the report released by digital marketing platform SEMrush said on Tuesday. PM Modi has overtaken the present US President Donald Trump who has 96 million followers globally."
"Business software maker SAP and
Apple are teaming up to help clients develop their own
mobile business applications using Apple's machine-learning
technology.
  
"
"At the Google I/O, the search engine and software giant is expected to announce new hardware, software, and updates for its existing suite of apps and services"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google business on Tuesday offered a preview of voice
technology that lets users make rental car bookings with just a
simple ask of the company's virtual assistant tool.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google business on Tuesday offered a preview of voice
technology that lets users make rental car bookings for upcoming
trips with just a simple ask of the company's virtual assistant
tool.
  
"
"NEW YORK/MOUNTAIN VIEW, California, May 7 (Reuters) -
A lphabet Inc's Google launched more affordable
versions of its Pixel smartphone on Tuesday at about half the
price of its current models, and dropped an exclusive U.S.
distribution deal with Verizon Communications Inc,
signaling a major shift in the tech giant's hardware strategy.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google business on Tuesday demonstrated a way to rent
cars automatically through voice commands to the company's
virtual assistant tool, a new breakthrough for its artificial
intelligence services.
  
"
"Facebook Chief
Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg is meeting with U.S. lawmakers
on Capitol Hill on Tuesday ahead of an expected settlement with
the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), a spokesman for Senator
Jerry Moran said.
  
"
"Facebook Chief
Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg was meeting with U.S.
lawmakers on Capitol Hill on Tuesday ahead of an expected
settlement with the Federal Trade Commission, a spokesman for
Senator Jerry Moran said.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google business on Tuesday announced new privacy
controls for its services, including ?Incognito mode? for Google
Maps, and published new privacy commitments for its hardware,
showing how increased public scrutiny is forcing greater
transparency in Silicon Valley.
  
"
"Google has been fending off some of the growing legislative and regulatory pushes in the United States and elsewhere to regulate data privacy and other issues core to its business model"
"Slower processors and cheaper materials helped Google price the Pixel 3a with a 5.6-inch screen at $399. The larger Pixel 3a XL has a 6-inch screen and costs $479"
"With a multibillion-dollar
settlement looming for Facebook over user privacy
violations, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg was meeting
with U.S. lawmakers on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to discuss
legislation to protect users of the social network, officials
said.
  
"
"With a multibillion-dollar
settlement looming for Facebook over user privacy
violations, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg met with
U.S. lawmakers on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to discuss legislation
to protect users of the social network, officials said.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc
unit Google in the coming months plans to introduce
new internet browser tools to limit how users' web activity is
tracked by advertising companies and give them greater insight
into why certain ads are shown to them, the company announced in
blog posts on Tuesday.
  
"
"Bajrang Punia's winning streak in the international arena came to an end as the Indian wrestler lost a thrilling 65kg category bout to unheralded American Yianni Diakomihalis by a narrow 8-10 margin in the 'Grapple at the Garden - Beat the Streets' event at New York's famous Madison Square Garden."
"The vetted spots are comparable to iconic Apple locations on Fifth Avenue in New York, Regent Street in London or the Champs-Elysees in Paris, they said"
"Facebook says it chose UK for the digital payments service because of the country's multicultural workforce."
"Discover why branded businesses are more successful on Amazon and what you can do to create a stronger brand.
       
"
"Amazon found the accounts were likely compromised by phishing techniques that tricked sellers into giving up confidential login information"
"* Singapore wants to be regional centre for digital
innovation
  
"
"* Singapore wants to be regional centre for digital
innovation
  
"
"* Singapore wants to be regional centre for digital
innovation
  
"
"Japan's Sharp Corp, an
Apple Inc supplier, said on Thursday it expects its
operating profit to rise 18.8 percent this year, but well below
its target.
  
"
"* Results come as parent Foxconn tries to cut Apple reliance
(Adds context, Q4 performance)
  
"
"* Singapore wants to be regional centre for digital
innovation
  
"
"* Margin lift from deal to transfer people and patents to
Apple
  
"
"Echoing sentiments expressed by PM over the use of INS Viraat by late Rajiv Gandhi for a family vacation, finance minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday said while the \"kaamdars\" used India's naval fleet to strike at terror, \"naamdars\" used them for personal reasons. \"The Kaamdars use India's naval assets to strike at terror. The Naamdars use them for personal vacations,\" he said."
"New environmental regulations in Colorado have chilled investment in the state's oil and gas fields as companies grapple with how local officials will respond to a law giving them more power to restrict energy production.
  
"
"Uber Technologies Inc
will price its initial public offering on Thursday, the most
high-profile U.S. listing since Facebook Inc seven years
ago, against a backdrop of turbulent financial markets and the
plunging share price of its U.S. rival Lyft Inc.
  
"
"Amazon workers in Poland
are demanding that their salaries be roughly doubled, the latest
in a spate of labour disputes to hit the world's largest online
retailer.
  
"
"Tesla sold about $860 million in shares and $1.84 billion in debt, after the underwriters exercised their option to buy 15 percent in each offering"
"Facebook Inc co-founder and former
Mark Zuckerberg roommate Chris Hughes has called for the break
up of the social network in an opinion piece in the New York
Times.
  
"
"Hamdard Laboratories dispelled rumours regarding the shortage of the drink during the crucial Ramzan month"
"Four U.S. senators urged the
Federal Trade Commission on Thursday to investigate Amazon.com's
smart speaker aimed at children.
  
"
"Facebook Inc co-founder
and former Mark Zuckerberg roommate Chris Hughes called for the
break up of the world's largest social media network in an
opinion piece in the New York Times on Thursday.
  
"
"Four U.S. senators urged the
Federal Trade Commission on Thursday to investigate Amazon.com
Inc's smart speakers aimed at children, claiming the
devices violate a privacy law that protects children.
  
"
"Facebook Inc co-founder
Chris Hughes on Thursday called for the world's largest social
media company to be split in three and said Chief Executive Mark
Zuckerberg should be held responsible for privacy lapses.
  
"
NA
"Facebook Inc quickly
rejected a call from co-founder Chris Hughes on Thursday to
split the world's largest social media company in three, while
lawmakers urged the U.S. Justice Department to launch an
antitrust investigation.
  
"
"Facebook Inc co-founder
and Mark Zuckerberg's former college roommate Chris Hughes urged
U.S. regulators to break up the social media company in a New
York Times opinion piece on Thursday.
  
"
"Hughes says Facebook is a monopoly and should be forced to spin off WhatsApp and Instagram"
"Facebook Inc quickly
rejected a call from co-founder Chris Hughes on Thursday to
split the world's largest social media company in three, while
lawmakers urged the U.S. Justice Department to launch an
antitrust investigation.
  
"
"Facebook has been under scrutiny from regulators around the world over data sharing practices as well as hate speech and misinformation on its networks"
"Uber Technologies Inc
is set to price its initial public offering on Thursday at the
low end of its targeted range, a person familiar with the matter
said, as the company adopts a risk-averse stance toward the most
high-profile U.S. listing since Facebook Inc seven years
ago.
  
"
"Facebook Inc quickly
rejected a call from co-founder Chris Hughes on Thursday to
split the world's largest social media company in three, while
lawmakers urged the U.S. Justice Department to launch an
antitrust investigation.
  
"
"Uber Technologies Inc
priced its initial public offering on Thursday at the low end of
its targeted range, raising $8.1 billion, two people familiar
with the matter said, adopting a risk-averse stance toward the
most high-profile U.S. listing since Facebook Inc seven
years ago.
  
"
"Uber Technologies Inc
priced its initial public offering on Thursday at the low end of
its targeted range to raise $8.1 billion, adopting a risk-averse
stance toward the most high-profile U.S. listing since Facebook
Inc seven years ago.
  
"
"Facebook Inc quickly
rejected a call from co-founder Chris Hughes on Thursday to
split the world's largest social media company in three, while
lawmakers urged the U.S. Justice Department to launch an
antitrust investigation.
  
"
"In a New York Times piece, the CEO of the Tech giant reiterates Google's dedication to protecting user privacy"
"The overriding questions that nag at me: What problems are we trying to solve, and does a breakup really address them?"
"Earlier, the Tesla CEO used to put in 120 hours in a week for smooth functioning ."
"Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world and head of space company Blue Origin, announced his intent to participate in the new race to the Moon with a high-tech lander to carry vehicles and equipment. It will weigh more than three metric tons empty, 15 fully fueled, and be capable of carrying 3.6 tons to the lunar surface ? or 6.5 in a variant model. It is supported by four legs, with an upper deck where equipment can be fixed. A large tank of liquefied nitrogen fuel occupies its center."
"Facebook rejected Hughes' call for WhatsApp and Instagram to be made into separate companies, and said the focus should instead be on regulating the internet. Facebook's social network has more than 2 billion users. It also owns WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram, each used by more than 1 billion people."
"Israel has launched a PR campaign to counter calls for a boycott of the upcoming Eurovision Song Contest final in Tel Aviv, using Google ads which refer to the boycott but lead to a glossy website extolling Israel.
  
"
"French authorities should have
more access to Facebook's algorithms and greater scope to
audit the social media company's internal policies against hate
speech, a report commissioned by President Emmanuel Macron has
concluded.
  
"
"Competition Commission of India is looking into complaints that allege the Tech giant is blocking rivals using unfair means"
"Brazilian food processor BRF
SA, the world's largest chicken exporter, said it
lost money for the third consecutive quarter as the company
grapples with higher feed costs and trade restrictions in key
markets such as Saudi Arabia.
  
"
"Turkey's Personal Data
Protection Authority (KVKK) said on Friday it had fined Facebook
a total of 1.65 million lira ($270,976.01) in April due
to a data breach.
  
"
"Amazon said on Friday it
was in talks with employees in Poland after unions threatened
strike action, seeking higher pay in distribution centres.
  
"
"Amazon said on Friday it
was in talks with employees in Poland after unions threatened
strike action, seeking higher pay in distribution centres.
  
"
"Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg
hailed on Friday France's efforts to regulate hateful content
online as a model for the European Union after meeting French
President Emmanuel Macron in Paris.
  
"
"* Facebook dismisses break-up call as \"melodramatic\"
(Recasts with Zuckerberg quotes, details, reaction)
  
"
"* Facebook dismisses break-up call as \"melodramatic\"
(Adds quotes from Zuckerberg with France 2 television)
  
"
"A U.S. judge on Friday said Elon Musk
must face a defamation lawsuit by a British diver who said he
was falsely branded a pedophile and child rapist by the chief
executive of electric car company Tesla Inc.
  
"
"Racist demagogue and dangerous fundamentalist to some, heroic crusader for black rights to others, incendiary religious leader Louis Farrakhan is finding the audience for his message increasingly hard to reach."
"India?s antitrust watchdog has ordered an investigation into Alphabet Inc?s unit Google for allegedly abusing the dominant position of its popular Android mobile operating system to block rivals, sources aware of the matter said. The Competition Commission of India last year started looking into the complaint, which is similar to one Google faced in Europe."
"Some experts in antitrust law agree that Amazon doesn't meet the bar for interest from regulators"
"Google on Sunday dedicated its doodle to the Phase 6 of the ongoing Lok Sabha elections featuring an inked finger. When you click on the doodle, it takes you to a page on \"How to vote\" which gives information on the voting process at a polling booth. This doodle's reach is only for India."
"Democratic presidential
candidate Kamala Harris said on Sunday that U.S. officials
should consider breaking up Facebook Inc, the world's
largest social media company, saying it is  a utility that has
gone unregulated.
  
"
"Facebook said on Sunday it
had taken down numerous Italian accounts on its platform that
were false or were spreading fake news ahead of a European
parliamentary election later this month.
  
"
"The Sri Lankan government said
on Monday it was temporarily blocking some social media networks
and messaging apps, including Facebook and WhatsApp,
after violent incidents in the wake of Easter bombings by
Islamist militants.
  
"
"Sri Lanka said on Monday it was
temporarily blocking some social media networks and messaging
apps, including Facebook and WhatsApp, after mosques and
Muslim-owned businesses were attacked in the wake of Easter
bombings by Islamist militants.
  
"
"Sri Lanka is temporarily
blocking some social media networks and messaging apps,
including Facebook and WhatsApp, it said on Monday after
attacks on mosques and Muslim-owned businesses in the worst
unrest since Easter bombings by Islamist militants.
  
"
"The SC agreed to hear on Tuesday the plea of a woman BJP activist challenging her arrest by West Bengal police for allegedly sharing a morphed photo of Mamata Banerjee on social media.Priyanka Sharma, a BJP Yuva Morcha leader, allegedly shared on Facebook a photo in which Banerjee's face has been photoshopped on to actor Priyanka Chopra's picture."
"Sri Lanka on Monday temporarily
blocked some social media networks and messaging apps, including
Facebook and WhatsApp, after attacks on mosques and
Muslim-owned businesses in the worst unrest since Easter
bombings by Islamist militants.
  
"
"* China-Taiwan group was to pump in 80 bln Y as part of
rescue
plan
  
"
"This shows Amazon is pushing to reduce labour and boost profits. The changes are yet to be implemented as vetting these changes take a long time."
"Sri Lanka widened a
curfew on Monday after attacks on mosques and Muslim-owned
businesses in the worst unrest since Easter bombings by Islamist
militants and blocked Facebook and WhatsApp to stop
people inciting violence.
  
"
"Sri Lankan shares fell on Monday
for an eight straight session, closing at their lowest in more
than six-and-a-half years, and the rupee slipped for a third day
in dull trade, as the Easter bombings drove off investors.
** Sri Lanka widened a curfew on Monday after attacks on mosques
and Muslim-owned businesses in the worst unrest since Easter
bombings by Islamist militants and blocked Facebook and
WhatsApp to stop people inciting violence.
** Sri Lanka's economic gro
  
"
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday gave the go-ahead for a lawsuit by consumers accusing
Apple Inc of monopolizing the market for iPhone
software applications and forcing them to overpay, rejecting the
company's bid to escape claims that its practices violate
federal antitrust law.
  
"
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday gave the go-ahead for a lawsuit by consumers accusing
Apple Inc of monopolizing the market for iPhone
software applications and forcing them to overpay, rejecting the
company's bid to escape claims that its practices violate
federal antitrust law.
  
"
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday gave the go-ahead for a lawsuit by consumers accusing
Apple Inc of monopolizing the market for iPhone
software applications and forcing them to overpay, rejecting the
company's bid to escape claims that its practices violate
federal antitrust law.
  
"
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday gave the go-ahead for a lawsuit by consumers accusing
Apple Inc of monopolizing the market for iPhone
software applications and forcing them to overpay, rejecting the
company's bid to escape claims that its practices violate
federal antitrust law.
  
"
"The U.S. Supreme Court on
Monday gave the go-ahead for a lawsuit by consumers accusing
Apple Inc of monopolizing the market for iPhone
software applications and forcing them to overpay, rejecting the
company's bid to escape claims that its practices violate
federal antitrust law.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Monday it was
raising wages for its U.S. contract workers, such as cafeteria
staff and janitors, to a minimum of $20 per hour in San
Francisco Bay Area, New York and Washington D.C. and $18 per
hour in Seattle.
  
"
"Apple shares were down about 5% after the justices, in a 5-4 ruling, upheld a lower court's decision to allow the proposed class action lawsuit to proceed"
"Apple Inc on Monday rolled out a
new television-watching app for its devices and some
Internet-connected TVs, an effort to gain more revenue from
reselling other companies' programming and, later this year, its
own original shows.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Monday it was
raising wages for its U.S. contract workers, such as cafeteria
staff and janitors, to a minimum of $20 per hour in San
Francisco Bay Area, New York and Washington D.C. and to $18 per
hour in Seattle.
  
"
"Twitter Inc said on Monday it
may have accidentally collected and shared location data of some
users accessing its app through Apple devices with an
advertising partner.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said on Monday it was
raising its minimum wage for all U.S. contract workers, reacting
to rising costs of living as it faces intense scrutiny over the
treatment of ordinary employees and their pay.
  
"
"* Apple expresses confidence it will win lawsuit
(Recasts first paragraph, adds Apple statement and stock
update)
  
"
"* Apple expresses confidence it will win lawsuit
(Adds Breakingviews link, closing share price)
  
"
"The social media giant
Facebook Inc is headed toward an agreement with the U.S.
government over its privacy policies and practices that would
put it under 20 years of oversight, according to a source
knowledgeable about the discussions.
  
"
"The social media giant
Facebook Inc is headed toward an agreement with the U.S.
government that would put it under 20 years of oversight,
according to a source knowledgeable about the discussions.
  
"
"Amazon has almost
doubled its brand value to $316 billion as it expands in areas
like entertainment and smart speakers, while China's Alibaba
is now the world's second most valuable retail brand, a
survey showed on Tuesday.
  
"
"Walmart Inc is
stepping up its battle with Amazon.com Inc by offering
one-day delivery without a shipping fee, weeks after Amazon
announced a similar offer - a move that will intensify the race
to deliver orders to shoppers faster.
  
"
"The financial think-tank was selected for the project, funded by a $1.7 million grant from Google.org, through the Google AI Impact Challenge."
"With private fitting rooms, members-only
stores and clever apps, U.S. department stores are reinventing
their old and tested loyalty programs to fend off the challenge
from e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc and other online
rivals.
  
"
"A Tesla Inc electric
car caught fire in a parking lot in a Hong Kong shopping mall,
the Apple Daily newspaper said on Tuesday, but no one was
injured in the blaze, whose cause was not immediately known.
  
"
"Amazon has teamed-up
with British clothing chain Next to offer a network of
stores where the U.S. online retail giant's UK customers can
collect their parcels.
  
"
"The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked BJP youth wing leader Priyanka Sharma to tender unconditional apology for posting a morphed photogrpah of West Bengal CM Mamta Banerjee on Facebook to get bail. Sharma had approached the SC challenging her arrest by West Bengal police for posting a morphed image of Mamata on social media."
"Facebook's WhatsApp on
Tuesday urged users to upgrade to the latest version of its
popular messaging app following a report that users could be
vulnerable to having malicious spyware installed on phones
without their knowledge.
  
"
"Facebook's WhatsApp has
informed its lead regulator in the European Union, Ireland's
Data Protection Commissioner (DPC), of a serious security
vulnerability on its platform, the DPC said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Facebook's WhatsApp
urged users to upgrade to the latest version of its popular
messaging app following a report that users could be vulnerable
to having malicious spyware installed on phones without their
knowledge.
  
"
"Taiwan's Foxconn, the
world's largest contract manufacturer, reported on Tuesday a
bigger fall in quarterly profit than analysts had expected, amid
waning demand for electronics from its key customers, including
Apple Inc.
  
"
"With private fitting rooms, members-only
stores and clever apps, U.S. department stores are reinventing
their old and tested loyalty programs to fend off the challenge
from e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc and other online
rivals.
  
"
"As global currency markets
grapple with a growing number of flash crashes triggered by
shutdowns in algorithmic trading systems when volatility spikes,
UBS is utilising machine learning technology to carry
on dealing.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp will
invest $100 million to open an Africa technology development
centre with sites in Kenya and Nigeria over the next five years,
the company said on Tuesday.
  
"
"* FT reports that spyware injected via WhatsApp calls
(Recasts with more detail from Whatsapp, cyber security expert,
Facebook share price)
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google will begin featuring ads on the homepage of its mobile
website and smartphone app later this year, it said on Tuesday,
giving the search engine a huge new supply of ad slots to boost
revenue.
  
"
"Walt Disney Co said it will take
full control of the Hulu service in a deal with Comcast Corp
, as it vies for a bigger piece of the global video
streaming market dominated by companies such as Netflix Inc
.
  
"
"Walt Disney Co said it will take
full control of the Hulu service in a deal with Comcast Corp
, as it vies for a bigger piece of the global video
streaming market dominated by companies such as Netflix Inc
.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google will begin featuring ads on the homepage of its
smartphone app worldwide later this year, it said on Tuesday,
giving the search engine a huge new supply of ad slots to boost
revenue.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google will begin featuring ads on the homepage of its
smartphone app worldwide later this year, as the search engine
expands its advertising real estate to boost revenue from mobile
shoppers.
  
"
"
    GOOGLE products are designed to be helpful. They take the friction out of daily life (for example, by showing you the fastest route home at the end of a long day) and give you back time to spend on things you actually want to do. We feel privileged that billions of people trust products such as Search, Chrome, Maps and Android to help them every day.
"
"Whether you are Googling
on the couch, fiddling with Maps in the car or swiping through
the Discover feed on the toilet, expect Alphabet Inc's
Google to put ads in several new spots this year.
  
"
"Facebook Inc said
on Tuesday it was tightening rules around its livestreaming
feature ahead of a meeting of world leaders aimed at curbing
online violence in the aftermath of the Christchurch massacre.
  
"
"FB  is tightening access to livestreaming to prevent the rampant sharing of graphic video as took place with the Christchurch massacre. A \"one-strike\" policy at Facebook Live will be applied to a broader range of offenses, with those who violate serious policies suspended from using the feature after a single offense."
"Facebook Inc said
on Tuesday it was tightening rules around its livestreaming
feature ahead of a meeting of world leaders aimed at curbing
online violence in the aftermath of a massacre in New Zealand.
  
"
"In a veiled dig at Congress leaders Mani Shankar Aiyar and Sam Pitroda, PM Narendra Modi said they were tasked by the party to take the responsibility for the poor poll show. The Prime Minister has often targeted Rahul Gandhi, calling him \"naamdar\"."
"Lost and hungry for help? American citizens who find themselves in distress in Austria can now seek support at an unusual address -- McDonald's. Under a new partnership, outlets of the US fast food chain throughout Austria will help American citizens from Wednesday to get in touch with their embassy, it said on Facebook."
"* Restructuring steps not enough to offset bleak screen
demand
  
"
"Some last-minute Congress spending sees it climb the ranks, but BJP still dominates"
"The \"great majority\" of solar cells being produced at Tesla's factory in upstate New York are being sold overseas instead of being used in the company's trademark \"Solar Roof\" as originally intended, according to documents reviewed by Reuters.
  
"
"The exporting underscores the depth of Tesla's troubles in the U.S. solar business, which the electric car maker entered in 2016 with its controversial $2.6 billion purchase of SolarCity"
"Once you've decided to begin selling your products on Amazon, you can jump in pretty quickly by following these two steps.
       
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday its
solar factory in Buffalo, New York would become the
\"manufacturing home\" for its electric vehicle Supercharger
cabinets and other energy storage products.
  
"
"* Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Twitter sign non-binding
accord
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on Wednesday its
solar factory in Buffalo, New York, would become the
\"manufacturing home\" for its electric vehicle Supercharger
cabinets and other energy storage products as it seeks to meet
employment targets tied to state subsidies linked to the
facility.
  
"
"Worldwide semiconductor revenue is
expected to fall 7.2% in 2019 after three straight years of
growth, as the industry grapples with slowing smartphone sales
and weak demand in China, research firm International Data
Corporation (IDC) said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc on Wednesday said its
solar factory in Buffalo, New York, would become the
\"manufacturing home\" for its electric vehicle Supercharger
cabinets and other energy storage products as it seeks to meet
employment targets tied to state subsidies.
  
"
"Billionaire George Soros' investment
firm, Soros Fund Management Llc, raised its stake in Tesla Inc's
convertible bonds due in 2021 by 17.5 million
convertible bonds to 37.5 million convertible bonds as of the
end of the first quarter, according to a filing with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission late Wednesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc said on
Thursday that it would roll out a software update to protect
batteries while it conducts an investigation into incidents in
which its vehicles caught fire.
  
"
"Electric carmaker Tesla Inc will
update its battery software after a Tesla Model S caught fire in
a parking lot in a Hong Kong shopping mall on Sunday, Electrek
reported on Wednesday.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will update its
battery software after two recent fires involving its Model S
electric vehicles (EV) in Shanghai and Hong Kong, the U.S.
automaker said on Thursday, adding that investigations into the
incidents are ongoing.
  
"
"The exporting underscores the depth of Tesla's troubles in the U.S. solar business, which the electric car maker entered in 2016 with its controversial $2.6 billion purchase of SolarCity"
"* Facebook, Google try proactive approach to avoid EU
legislation
  
"
"The service will initially offer digital content from, Hotstar, Sun NXT, Eros NOW, Hungama Play via a single subscription fee of Rs 249 a month"
"Nissan Motor Co Ltd
said on Thursday it would, for now, stick to self-driving
technology which uses radar sensors and cameras, avoiding lidar
or light-based sensors because of their high cost and limited
capabilities.
  
"
"Amazon.com faced a
social media backlash in India on Thursday after toilet seat
covers and other items with images of Hindu gods were spotted on
the U.S. retailer's website, making #BoycottAmazon the country's
top trending topic on Twitter.
  
"
"The episode is reminiscent of an incident in 2017 when New Delhi took the Seattle, Washington-based company to task after its Canadian website was spotted selling doormats resembling India's flag"
"The National Transportation
Safety Board said on Thursday that Tesla Inc's
Autopilot feature was engaged during a fatal March 1 crash of a
2018 Model 3 in Delray Beach, Florida, in the latest serious
crash reported involving the driver-assistance system.
  
"
"Amazon.com faced a
social media backlash in India on Thursday after toilet seat
covers and other items emblazoned with images of Hindu gods were
spotted on its website.
  
"
"The National Transportation
Safety Board said Thursday that Tesla's Autopilot
feature was engaged during a fatal March 1 crash of a Model 3,
in the latest serious crash reported that involves the
driver-assistance system.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
Autopilot feature was engaged during a fatal March 1 crash of a
2018 Model 3 in Delray Beach, Florida, in at least the third
fatal U.S. crash reported involving the driver-assistance
system, the National Transportation Safety Board said on
Thursday.
  
"
"Facebook said on
Thursday it had removed 265 Facebook and Instagram accounts,
pages, groups and events linked to an Israeli-based firm due to
what it called \"inauthentic behaviour\" targeting users in
Southeast Asia, Latin America and Africa.
  
"
"Facebook said on
Thursday it had removed 265 Facebook and Instagram accounts,
pages, groups and events linked to Israel due to what it called
\"inauthentic behaviour\" targeting users in Southeast Asia, Latin
America and Africa.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
Autopilot feature was engaged during a fatal March 1 crash of a
2018 Model 3 in Delray Beach, Florida, in at least the third
fatal U.S. crash reported involving the driver-assistance
system, the National Transportation Safety Board said on
Thursday.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp and Sony Corp
on Thursday said they struck a strategic partnership in
which Sony would use Microsoft's cloud for streaming games and
media and the two would work together to develop new image
sensors.
  
"
"Tesla Inc's
Autopilot system was engaged during a fatal March 1 crash of a
2018 Model 3 in Delray Beach, Florida, in at least the third
fatal U.S. crash reported involving the driver-assistance
system, the National Transportation Safety Board said on
Thursday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc is in talks to
invest hundreds of millions of pounds in UK food delivery app
Deliveroo as part of a $575 million fundraising, Sky News
reported on Thursday, citing sources.
  
"
"The deadliest attack on Jews in American history appears to have triggered a spike in anti-Semitic searches on Google, exclusive research by CNN shows."
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk told employees on Thursday that he, along with
new finance head, will review all future expenses as part of an
initiative to cut costs, according to an email seen by Reuters.
  
"
"Tesla is having a brutal year. But the company's missed sales forecasts and weakening demand shouldn't scare investors away from the electric vehicle business."
"Warren Buffett revealed how much his stake in Amazon is worth: more than $900 million."
"Tesla Inc Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk told employees on Thursday that he will
increase scrutiny of the company's expenses in his latest
initiative to cut costs at the electric car maker.
  
"
"Japan's Nikkei share average
jumped on Friday and looked set to end the week with a slight
gain, led by rallies in Sony and technology shares,
though concerns about U.S.-China tensions kept many investors
cautious.
  
"
"India definitely needs to attract investments in manufacturing and other sectors"
"* Sony stock jumps 11 pct, Microsoft closes up 2 pct
(Adds background, share movement)
  
"
"Deliveroo said on Friday that Amazon.com
Inc was the lead investor of a new $575 million funding
round in the British online food delivery company alongside its
existing investors.
  
"
"Japan's Nikkei share average
jumped on Friday, led by Sony and technology shares,
but ended the week with a slight loss amid concerns about rising
U.S.-China trade tensions.
  
"
"Italy's competition watchdog said
on Friday it had opened an investigation into alleged abuse of a
dominant market position by Google in the smart device
sector.
  
"
"Amazon has led a new funding
round in Britain's online food delivery company Deliveroo,
throwing its weight behind the app in the battle with Uber Eats
and Just Eat to deliver takeaway meals.
  
"
"* Investment pitches Amazon against Uber
(Adds background, quote)
  
"
"Italy's competition watchdog said
on Friday it had opened an investigation into alleged abuse of a
dominant market position by Google in the smart device
sector.
  
"
"* Food delivery firms hit as Amazon backs Deliveroo in
funding
  
"
"Facebook, Google
and Twitter are still not doing enough to
tackle fake news plaguing the election campaign to the European
Parliament, the European Commission said on Friday in its latest
report.
  
"
"* Investment pitches Amazon against Uber Eats
(Adds background, industry context)
  
"
"Facebook, Google
and Twitter were reprimanded by the European
Commission on Friday for not doing enough to tackle fake news
plaguing the election campaign to the European Parliament, seven
months after promising to do more.
  
"
"* Investment pitches Amazon against Uber Eats
(Adds detail on founders, reaction)
  
"
"German Finance Minister Olaf
Scholz said on Friday he expected the Organisation for Economic
Cooperation and Development (OECD) will agree a minimum level of
taxation for digital companies such as Amazon, Google
and Facebook by mid-2020.
  
"
"Facebook has set up a new
financial technology company in Switzerland focusing on
blockchain and payments as well as data analytics and investing,
Geneva's commercial register shows.
  
"
"A break-up of U.S. social media
company Facebook would be a solution of last resort that
would probably generate long judicial procedures, EU Competition
Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Friday.
  
"
"* Investment pitches Amazon against Uber Eats
(Adds Cat Rock Capital statement in paragraphs 16 and 17)
  
"
"Google Doodle on Saturday marked the 971st birth anniversary of Omar Khayyam, a celebrated Persian mathematician, poet, philosopher, and astronomer.  Khayyam best known for his work on the classification and solution of cubic equations was also a well-known astronomer and poet. Khayyam was first to give a general method for solving cubic equations."
"To help you easily view and keep track of your purchases, bookings and subscriptions in one place, we've created a private destination that can only be seen by you, Google said"
"US internet giant Google, whose Android mobile operating system powers most of the world's smartphones, said on Sunday it was beginning to cut ties with China's Huawei, which Washington considers a national security threat. In the midst of a trade war with Beijing, President Donald Trump has barred US companies from engaging in telecommunications trade with foreign companies said to threaten American national security."
"Huawei said it would
continue to provide security updates and services for its
smartphones and tablets after Google said it would
comply with an order barring the Chinese company from updates to
its Android operating system.
  
"
"Huawei said on Monday it
would continue to provide security updates and services for its
smartphones and tablets after being barred from Google
updates to its Android operating system.
  
"
"Huawei will now be able to use only the open source version of Android as Washington listed the Chinese telecoms giant a 'national security threat'"
"The company is open to Musk for a partnership to let Indians experience his Tesla electric cars."
"* Major blow to Huawei's global smartphone ambitions
(Adds further details, background)
  
"
"Time to abandon the Huawei
phone? That was what some owners asked after U.S. tech giant
Google said it would suspend its business with China's
top mobile maker, threatening future access to Gmail, YouTube
and Chrome.
  
"
"* Major blow to Huawei's global smartphone ambitions
(Adds Lumentum ban, U.S. chipmakers)
  
"
"\"Portrait of a Lady on Fire\", a tender story of an 18th century painter who falls in love with her muse, has set Cannes ablaze, training the film festival's gaze on the work of women artists as the movie industry grapples with issues of gender equality.
  
"
"S&P 500 technology stocks dropped 1.75%, the largest percentage decline among the benchmark index's 11 major sectors"
"Amazon, the world's
biggest online retailer, is close to winning a seven-year battle
with eight Latin American countries over the .amazon internet
domain.
  
"
NA
"Particularly challenging for would-be fact-checkers, from Facebook Inc. to Google, is the country's 23 official languages"
"Villagers in the Peruvian Amazon
have seized control of oil storage tanks operated by state-owned
Petroperu and halted crude deliveries to its refinery in the
city of Iquitos, the company said on Monday.
  
"
"About 90 members of the Saramurillo community in the Loreto region took control of oil tanks at the company's Station 1 facility on May 15, the company said"
"Passing an order on November 6, 2018, the CCI had held that the business practices of Flipkart and Amazon are not in violation of competition norms"
"Chinese telecoms equipment
maker Huawei is working closely with Google
to resolve restrictions imposed by the United States last week,
a senior Huawei executive said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Tesla's stock, which has almost halved in value since last August, closed at $205.36 on Monday. Jonas kept his main price target for the stock at $230 and also has a bull-case valuation of $391"
"Chinese telecoms equipment
maker Huawei called itself the victim of U.S.
\"bullying\" on Tuesday and said it was working with Google
to counter trade restrictions imposed by Washington
last week, a senior Huawei executive said.
  
"
NA
"Huawei launched its new
Honor 20 series smartphones in London on Tuesday in a
presentation that emphasised the Chinese company's technology
but made no reference of a possible rupture with Google
.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Tuesday it
will repair typing-related problems in 'butterfly' keyboards for
an expanded set of laptops, that include newer versions of
MacBook, MacBook Air and MacBook Pro models.
  
"
"Chinese telecoms equipment
maker Huawei called itself the victim of U.S.
\"bullying\" on Tuesday and said it was working with Google
to respond to trade restrictions imposed by Washington
last week, a senior Huawei executive said.
  
"
"* Asia stocks shaky, MSCI Asia-Pacific index in and out of
red
  
"
"Faced with a slumping stock price and questions about demand for its vehicles, Tesla has lowered the U.S.base prices of its two most expensive models."
"Besides new processors, the MacBook Pro features Apple's Retina display, stereo speakers, Touch ID, Touch Bar, and a large Force Touch trackpad"
"Google is complying with an EU
order to boost competition in online shopping, Europe's
antitrust chief said on Wednesday, brushing aside complaints
from rivals demanding more regulatory action.
  
"
"Britain's competition watchdog said on
Wednesday that Apple Inc has committed to be \"clearer
and more upfront\" with iPhone users about battery health and
performance, after the regulator looked into consumer concerns
on the matter.
  
"
"Britain's competition watchdog said on
Wednesday that Apple Inc has committed to be \"clearer
and more upfront\" with iPhone users about battery health and
performance, after the regulator looked into consumer concerns
on the matter.
  
"
"More than 100 public health and
anti-tobacco organizations are calling on Facebook Inc,
Instagram, Twitter and Snap Inc to take \"swift action\" to curb
advertising of tobacco products on their platforms.
  
"
"A landmark European privacy law
is making waves worldwide a year after it came into force,
fundamentally changing the way data are handled as Facebook
, Apple and Google face increasingly
frequent complaints.
  
"
"Apple Inc's browser engine
Webkit said https://webkit.org/blog/8943/privacy-preserving-ad-click-attribution-for-the-web
on Wednesday it will launch a new technology to track ad clicks
while preserving user privacy.
  
"
"Europe's antitrust chief said
on Wednesday she did not see any problems with the way Google
was complying with her order to boost competition in
online shopping, brushing aside complaints from some of the U.S.
company's rivals.
  
"
"Apple Inc said https://webkit.org/blog/8943/privacy-preserving-ad-click-attribution-for-the-web
on Wednesday its browser engine Webkit will launch a new
technology to track advertising clicks and whether they lead to
a product purchase while preserving the privacy of users.
  
"
"Sloppy mistakes in your sales listings equal low sales on Amazon. Find out what you can do to polish your product listings.
       
"
"In a country where Amazon and Walmart's Flipkart dominate, the agency is surveying online retailers to understand the  sector's 'implications for competition'"
"Google's lead regulator
in the European Union, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner,
opened its first investigation into the U.S. internet giant on
Wednesday over how it handles personal data for the purpose of
advertising.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc shareholders
rejected proposals to curb and audit the company's facial
recognition service, a spokeswoman said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday said
shareholders rejected proposals to curb and audit its facial
recognition service, just as members of Congress indicated there
was bipartisan support to one day regulate the technology.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday said
shareholders rejected proposals to curb and audit its facial
recognition service, just as members of Congress indicated there
was bipartisan support to one day regulate the technology.
  
"
"Google's main regulator
in the European Union, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner,
opened its first investigation into the U.S. internet giant on
Wednesday over how it handles personal data for the purpose of
advertising.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said shareholders
rejected proposals to curb and audit its facial recognition
service on Wednesday, just as members of Congress indicated
there was bipartisan support to one day regulate the technology.
  
"
"Goldman, which has a neutral rating on Apple's stock, lowered the company's price target to $178 from $184"
"Over the span of two years, a Chinese national in Oregon sent devices that looked like iPhones to Apple, saying they wouldn't turn on and should be replaced under warranty. He didn't just submit a couple of the devices ? he delivered in person or shipped to Apple around 3,000 of them. Apple responded by sending almost 1,500 replacement iPhones, each with an approximate resale value of $600."
"Tyler?s performance will be live streamed from Los Angeles on Apple Music"
"European shares fell sharply on Thursday,
as investors grappled with the latest round of U.S.-China trade
friction while British Prime Minister Theresa May faced growing
pressure to resign.
  
"
"Online retail sales in France rose
by 11.9% to 24.9 billion euros ($27.7 billion) in the first
quarter, said the French E-Commerce Federation (Fevad),
reflecting growth in a sector that has seen Amazon put
pressure on traditional retailers such as Carrefour.
  
"
"Tesla's stock dropped 5.5% to $193.88, on track to close below $200 for the first time since late 2016"
"The company's stock closed up 1.4% to $195.49 on a volatile day that started out with a loss"
"From the soundtrack to the documentary Echo in the Canyon, featuring Jakob Dylan"
"The Facebook co-founder's defence came as it reported that it recently disabled billions of bogus accounts set up by \"bad actors\" and that 5 per cent of active accounts is likely fakes. He argued that breaking up the company might mean fewer resources to curb harmful online content and election interference and improve privacy and the portability of personal data."
"Facebook increased the
amount of content it restricted access to in Vietnam by over
500% in the last half of 2018, the U.S. social media giant said
in a report released on Friday, as the Southeast Asian country
ramps up its crackdown on online dissent.
  
"
"General Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, the deputy chief of Sudan's new Transitional Military Council, met with Mohammed bin Salman in Jeddah, the official Saudi Press Agency reported earlier in the day."
"An index of Latin American stocks marked
time on Friday, on course to post a solid weekly gain, as did
Latin American currencies, which held ground against the dollar.
    Investor sentiment towards the region has been marred this
week by a worsening of U.S.-China trade ties amid Alphabet Inc's
 Google suspending some business with Chinese telecom
giant Huawei Technologies Co Ltd early this week.
    China's economy - the world's second largest - infl
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc shareholders
overwhelmingly rejected a proposal that the company stop selling
facial recognition technology to government agencies, a
regulatory filing on Friday showed.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc shareholders
overwhelmingly rejected a proposal that the company stop selling
facial recognition technology to government agencies, a
regulatory filing on Friday showed.
  
"
"Gemini Trust began trading as a bitcoin exchange in New York in 2015"
"Amazon.com Inc shareholders
overwhelmingly rejected a proposal that the company stop selling
facial recognition technology to government agencies, while a
resolution to audit the service drew more support, a regulatory
filing on Friday showed.
  
"
"A class action lawsuit claims that Apple mined and sold users? iTunes information to other companies"
"While declaring Ashok Leyland's financial performance for FY 2018-19, Hinduja denied the reports and said they were not looking at collaborations on cars."
"Companies including Google, Qualcomm and Broadcom froze some of the supply of products to Huawei"
"Duplex, which Google first showed off last year as a technological marvel using AI, is still largely operated by humans"
"Baba Ramdev said that in order to contain population growth, the govt should bring in a law whereby third-borns should be bereft of voting rights. He also batted for a pan-India ban on manufacturing, sale, and purchase of liquor. He also demanded a complete ban on cow-slaughter and said that it is the only way out to reduce the cow-related conflicts."
"Peruvian authorities were scrambling to assess the damage after an earthquake with a magnitude as high as 8.0 rocked the Peruvian Amazon region in the early hours of Sunday morning, leaving at least one person dead.
  
"
"The presidents of Peru, Colombia,
Ecuador and Bolivia criticized  a recent decision by the
organization that manages internet protocol to grant global
retailer Amazon Inc the rights to the .amazon domain.
  
"
"Huawei Technologies' founder and
Chief Executive Ren Zhengfei told Bloomberg https://bloom.bg/2HT7DUY
that retaliation by Beijing against Apple Inc was
unlikely and that he would oppose any such move from China
against the iPhone maker.
  
"
"Huawei Technologies' founder and chief executive Ren Zhengfei told Bloomberg that retaliation by Beijing against Apple Inc was unlikely and that he would oppose any such move from China against the iPhone maker. He conceded that export curbs from the administration of US President Donald Trump will cut into a two-year lead built by Huawei over its competitors"
"AIMIM president Asaduddin Owaisi on Monday hit out at yoga guru Baba Ramdev over his comments that the country is not ready to deal with its population explosion and for suggesting measures like limiting voting rights to two children only.
\"There is no law preventing people from saying downright unconstitutional things, but why do Ramdev's ideas receive undue attention?,\" Owaisi tweeted."
"Google owner Alphabet Inc
said it would invest 600 million euros ($672 million)
in a new data centre in Hamina, Finland, it said, according to a
report by Finnish STT news agency on Monday.
  
"
"Few supercharger stations have been reported to get very busy during holidays."
"Google said on Monday
it planned to invest about 600 million euros ($672 million) in a
new data centre in Hamina, Finland.
  
"
"Describing May 23 as a \"historic\" day, Yoga guru Ramdev on Monday said it should be celebrated either as \"Modi Diwas or public welfare day\". \"May 23 is a historic day. It should be celebrated either as Modi Diwas or Jan Kalyan Diwas (public welfare day), Ramdev told reporters here on the sidelines of a programme ."
"Microsoft Corp and
Facebook Inc have agreed to help boost the security of
Canada's October election by removing fake accounts and cracking
down on bots, a top government official said on Monday.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp and
Facebook Inc have agreed to help boost the security of
Canada's October election by removing fake accounts and cracking
down on bots, a top government official said on Monday.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp and
Facebook Inc have agreed to help boost the security of
Canada's October election by removing fake accounts and cracking
down on bots, a top government official said on Monday.
  
"
"The study looked at six parameters- investment, data, strategy, the need for cultural changes and skilling and reskilling workforces to make AI work for the country"
"Tesla Inc is considering pricing
its China-manufactured Model 3 vehicles between 300,000 yuan and
350,000 yuan ($43,431-$50,670) before subsidies, Bloomberg
reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
  
"
"Taiwan electronics company
Pegatron has signed a letter of intent stating it
intends to invest 10 trillion to 15 trillion rupiah ($695
million to $1 billion) in an Indonesian factory to produce chips
for Apple smartphones, the Indonesian deputy industry
minister said on Tuesday.
  
"
"The electric carmaker currently ships Model 3 vehicles from the United States to sell in China"
"A key part of the Congress-NCP strategy in 2019 was to not repeat the 2014 mistakes."
"Ireland has reappointed the head
of its powerful Data Protection Commission, which regulates the
European operations of global tech giants like Facebook
and Google, for a second five-year term.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc and
Walmart Inc's Flipkart are unlikely to fully participate
in an Indian antitrust body's study of the e-commerce sector for
fear of revealing trade secrets, two people with direct
knowledge of the matter said.
  
"
"Taiwan's Pegatron has
signed a letter of intent stating it intends to invest 10-15
trillion rupiah ($695 million to $1 billion) in an Indonesian
factory to assemble \"chips for Apple smartphones\",
Indonesia's deputy industry minister said on Tuesday.
  
"
"The Oppo Reno 10x Zoom will be available for pre-orders from May 28 and goes on sale from June 7 across retails stores and on Flipkart and Amazon India"
"MacKenzie Bezos, the former wife of
Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, pledged on
Tuesday to give away half her fortune to charity, following a
movement founded by billionaires Warren Buffett and Bill and
Melinda Gates.
  
"
"The most obvious target is Huawei's smartphone rival Apple Inc., which gets about a fifth of its revenue from China and manufactures its iPhones there"
"MacKenzie Bezos, the former wife of
Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos, pledged on
Tuesday to give half her $36 billion fortune to charity,
following a movement founded by billionaires Warren Buffett and
Bill and Melinda Gates.
  
"
"MacKenzie Bezos, the former wife of
Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos,
pledged on Tuesday to give half of her $36 billion fortune to
charity, following a movement founded by billionaires Warren
Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates.
  
"
"Walmart Inc has
appointed Suresh Kumar, a former employee of Alphabet Inc-owned
Google and Amazon.com Inc, as its new chief
technology officer as it tries to fuel an internal tech
transformation and boost its e-commerce business.
  
"
"Canadian lawmakers fumed on
Monday when Facebook Inc founder and Chief Executive Mark
Zuckerberg snubbed an invitation to Ottawa to testify on privacy
and democracy before an international panel, slapping the
billionaire with a standing summons.
  
"
"Walmart Inc appointed
Suresh Kumar, a former employee of Alphabet Inc-owned Google
and Amazon.com Inc, as its new chief
technology officer as it tries to fuel an internal tech
transformation and boost its e-commerce business.
  
"
"The iPod Touch gets an update"
"Canadian lawmakers fumed on
Monday when Facebook Inc founder and Chief Executive Mark
Zuckerberg snubbed an invitation to Ottawa to testify on privacy
and democracy before an international panel, slapping the
billionaire with a standing summons.
  
"
"Canadian lawmakers fumed on
Tuesday when Facebook Inc founder and Chief Executive
Mark Zuckerberg snubbed an invitation to Ottawa to testify on
privacy and democracy before an international panel, slapping
the billionaire with a standing summons.
  
"
"Canadian lawmakers fumed on
Tuesday when Facebook Inc founder and Chief Executive
Mark Zuckerberg snubbed an invitation to Ottawa to testify on
privacy and democracy before an international panel, slapping
the billionaire with a standing summons.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Wednesday
launched a smaller version of the company's Echo Show smart
speaker, which is powered by its popular voice assistant Alexa.
  
"
"Why having an Amazon store is a no brainer for any brand
       
"
"The board of Google parent Alphabet Inc. is scheduled to revisit the CEO's pay later this year, according to sources in the know"
"U.S. demand for electric vehicles,
including hybrids, could rise to 1.28 million by 2026, a new
study projected on Wednesday, but most brands will struggle to
make money on the new models.
  
"
"Apple hasn't forgotten iPod touch lovers: On Tuesday it announced the first new iPod since 2015."
"Apple Inc on Wednesday publicly
defended its App Store from mounting criticism over its
treatment of rivals in a new blog post detailing its functions
and guidelines.
  
"
"Tesla Inc has \"a lot of catching
up\" to do in order to achieve a record quarter, news website
Electrek reported https://electrek.co/2019/05/29/tesla-demand-deliveries-catch-up-record-quarter-elon-musk-leaked-email
on Wednesday, citing Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk's leaked
email to employees.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Wednesday banned apps on its app store that facilitate the sale
of marijuana or related products, as part of a change to its
content policy.
  
"
"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on
Wednesday that Facebook Inc's refusal to remove a heavily
edited video that attempted to make her look incoherent had
convinced her the company wittingly enabled Russian election
interference.
  
"
"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on
Wednesday that Facebook Inc's refusal to remove a heavily
edited video that attempted to make her look incoherent had
convinced her the company knowingly enabled Russian election
interference.
  
"
"PVH Corp cut its annual profit
forecast by 10 cents a share on Wednesday as the Calvin Klein
and Tommy Hilfiger brands owner grapples with tariffs and
slowing retail growth, exacerbated by weak spending from
overseas shoppers in the face of a strong U.S. dollar, sending
its shares down 12% after hours.
  
"
"The ODI  World Cup kicks off at The Oval in London on Thursday as hosts England take on South Africa in the inaugural match of the tournament that will conclude with the final at Lord's on July 14. Google Doodle commemorated the beginning of the much-awaited tournament with a Doodle."
"The girl, nicknamed Saybie by hospital staff, was born 23 weeks and three days into her mother's pregnancy in San Diego. She weighed a mere 245 grams (8.6 ounces) ?the same as a large apple ? when she was born. The father was told that he would have about an hour with his daughter before she passed away. But the girl survived and was discharged after five months."
"Sundar Pichai was, for years, one of the world's highest-paid corporate executives. Now he's facing the opposite reality: No big paychecks at all. The Google chief executive officer hasn't received an equity award in more than two years."
"Observers say that as US pounds on Huawei, Apple is the likely target for China to pound back. As the trade war accelerates between the US and China, Apple and Huawei are the two firms likely to get the damage. Trump has said that Huawei's fate could be included in any deal to resolve their trade war, but such a deal has proved elusive, meanwhile, tensions remain high."
"A Chinese-Taiwanese investor
consortium has told Japan Display Inc that it would
make a formal decision whether to invest in the Apple Inc
supplier by June 14, the Nikkei business daily reported
on Thursday.
  
"
"Japan Display Inc said on
Thursday a Chinese-Taiwanese consortium will formalise its
decision to invest in it by June 14, after client Apple Inc
agreed to wait for money owed and a government-backed
fund offered to waive debt.
  
"
"The holy grail for
apparel brands facing rising uncertainty and cost in their
global supply chains is to make their merchandise closer to the
point of the sale.
  
"
"Protesters
carrying an inflatable angry emoji plan to greet shareholders of
Facebook Inc as they gather for the company's annual
meeting on Thursday, the latest sign of its struggle to shake
off user privacy scandals and rein in fake news and hate speech.
  
"
"Tesla was on course to deliver a record number of cars in the second quarter, beating the 90,700 it sent to customers in the final quarter of last year, Musk said in an internal email last week"
"Google estimates that 40 percent of people will leave a mobile site that takes longer than three seconds to load. How long does yours take? Find out now!
       
"
"Protesters
carrying an inflatable angry emoji greeted Facebook Inc
shareholders as they gathered for the company's annual meeting
on Thursday, the latest sign of its struggle to shake off
privacy scandals and rein in fake news and hate speech.
  
"
"Protesters
carrying an inflatable angry emoji greeted Facebook Inc
shareholders as they gathered for the company's annual meeting
on Thursday, the latest sign of its struggle to shake off
privacy scandals and rein in fake news and hate speech.
  
"
"Dell Technologies Inc reported a
3% rise in first-quarter revenue on Thursday, as more customers
upgraded their systems ahead of Microsoft's planned phase out of
Windows 7 and strong performance in its VMware Inc unit.
  
"
"Dell Technologies Inc reported a
3% rise in first-quarter revenue on Thursday, as more customers
upgraded their systems ahead of Microsoft's planned phase out of
Windows 7 and strong performance in its VMware Inc unit.
  
"
"U.S. electric vehicle (EV) maker
Tesla Inc said on Friday it would price its China-made
Model 3 vehicles from 328,000 yuan ($47,529), as it pushes
production and sales in the world's largest new-energy vehicle
market.
  
"
"* China-made standard range plus Model 3 is cheaper than
China's
current cheapest version
  
"
"* China-made standard range plus Model 3 is cheaper than
China's
current cheapest version
  
"
"Ireland's Supreme Court on Friday
dismissed a bid by Facebook to block a landmark privacy
case, regarding the transfer of EU users' data to the United
States, being referred to Europe's top court.
  
"
"* Irish High Court referral cited well-founded concerns
(Adds details, quotes)
  
"
"Amid the ongoing US-China trade war, Tesla's current market cap stands at only $33 billion."
"A U.S. judge ordered Facebook Inc
to give shareholders emails and other records concerning how the
social media company handles data privacy, after data for an
estimated 87 million users was accessed by the British political
consulting firm Cambridge Analytica.
  
"
"A U.S. judge ordered Facebook Inc
to give shareholders emails and other records concerning how the
social media company handles data privacy, after data for 87
million users was accessed by the British political consulting
firm Cambridge Analytica.
  
"
"260,000 Muslims took part in the final Friday prayers of Ramadan at Al-Aqsa mosque compound in the Old City of annexed east Jerusalem, as Israel heightened security following a Palestinian stabbing attack. The prayers came only hours after a Palestinian teenager stabbed two Israelis inside the Old City."
"The materials used in iPhones and Tesla cars need not become a long-term casualty of a U.S.-China trade war

-- Read more on ScientificAmerican.com
        
"
"New reports indicate the program will be split into Music, TV, Podcasts apps"
"The young consumers said that Oppo's constant focus on camera prowess and its long-lasting batteries remained at the top of their mind"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an anti-trust investigation of Alphabet Inc's Google,
the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing sources.
  
"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an anti-trust investigation of Alphabet Inc's Google,
the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday, citing sources.
  
"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an investigation of Alphabet Inc's Google to determine
whether the tech giant broke antitrust law in how it operates
its sprawling online businesses, two sources familiar with the
matter said.
  
"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an investigation of Alphabet Inc's Google to determine
whether the tech giant broke antitrust law in operating its
sprawling online businesses, two sources familiar with the
matter said.
  
"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an investigation of Alphabet Inc's Google to determine
whether the tech giant broke antitrust law in operating its
sprawling online businesses, two sources familiar with the
matter said.
  
"
"A U.S. judge on Friday
denied Facebook Inc.'s request to dismiss a lawsuit by
the Washington, D.C. attorney general over the social media
giant's improper sharing of 87 million users' data with British
political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica.
  
"
"The vague wording of the Chinese state media report opens the door for Beijing to target US giants like Google, Qualcomm Inc and Intel Corp to even non-American suppliers"
"A new investigation would come as backlash grows against major tech companies that dominate key segments of the online economy"
"U.S. antitrust regulators have divided
oversight of Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc's
Google, putting Amazon under the watch of the Federal
Trade Commission and Google under the Justice Department, the
Washington Post said on Saturday.
  
"
"The U.S. Justice Department is preparing
an investigation of Alphabet Inc?s Google to determine
whether the technology company violated laws to ensure fair
competition, two sources familiar with the matter said.
  
"
"Tesla Inc will make the Model Y
electric sport utility vehicle at its factory in Fremont,
California to hit production volumes quickly, Chief Executive
Elon Musk said in a podcast interview posted on Sunday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc is in talks with the
U.S. derivatives regulator, the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission (CFTC), over the social media company's plans for a
digital currency, the Financial Times reported on Sunday https://www.ft.com/content/3b2084fe-83c6-11e9-b592-5fe435b57a3b.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is
experiencing high levels of congestion in the eastern United
States, affecting multiple services in Google Cloud, G Suite and
YouTube, the company said on Sunday https://status.cloud.google.com/incident/compute/19003.
  
"
"Online retail giant Amazon
said it would open pop-up shops in Britain to give more
than 100 small online businesses an opportunity to sell on the
high street for the first time.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google is
experiencing high levels of congestion in the eastern United
States, affecting multiple services in Google Cloud, G Suite and
YouTube, the company said on Sunday https://status.cloud.google.com/incident/compute/19003.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Sunday it had resolved the network congestion in the eastern
United States that affected services in Google Cloud, G Suite
and YouTube.
  
"
"Apple WWDC 2019 keynote will livestream at its official portal that can be streamed on Apple Safari browser, Microsoft Edge browser, and Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox browsers"
"Turkish inflation eased to a
lower-than-expected 18.71% in May, pushed lower by falls in
prices for household goods and food, official data showed on
Monday, as the economy grapples with the impact of last year's
currency crisis.
  
"
"Apple Inc is expected to give
software makers new tools to make it easier to adapt their iPad
and iPhone apps for its Mac laptops on Monday at its annual
developer conference in San Jose, California.
  
"
"U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on
Monday as weakness from the previous month due to trade disputes
spilled over while fears of regulatory scrutiny on high-profile
companies Alphabet and Amazon also weighed on sentiment.
  
"
"Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices
announced a multi-year partnership with Samsung Electronics Co
Ltd for the development of mobile graphics techology
based on its AMD Radeon graphics chips.
  
"
"EU regulators will decide what
steps to take regarding Spotify's complaint about Apple
once they get a response from the iPhone maker,
Europe's antitrust chief said on Monday.
  
"
"
  
"
"Apple Inc is expected to give
software makers new tools to make it easier to adapt their iPad
and iPhone apps for its Mac laptops on Monday at its annual
developer conference in San Jose, California.
  
"
"* U.S. manufacturing activity grows at slowest in 2-1/2
years
  
"
"* Dow up 0.34%, S&P gains 0.28%, Nasdaq down 0.40%
(Adds quote, updates prices)
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's shares fell as
much as 7% on Monday following reports that the U.S. Justice
Department may investigate Google for hampering competition.
  
"
"The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has
secured the right to examine how Facebook Inc's practices
affect digital competition, the Wall Street Journal reported on
Monday.
  
"
"The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has
secured the right to examine how Facebook Inc's practices
affect digital competition, the Wall Street Journal reported on
Monday.
  
"
"The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has
secured the right to examine how Facebook Inc's practices
affect its digital competition, the Wall Street Journal reported
on Monday.
  
"
"* Facebook, Amazon, Alphabet tumble on fears of regulatory
risks
  
"
"Apple Inc on
Monday launched a \"Sign In With Apple\" function to rival
Facebook and Google web login accounts, drawing a contrast with
rivals by stressing protection of users' information.
  
"
"The U.S. government is
gearing up to investigate the massive market power of Amazon,
Apple, Facebook and Google, sources told Reuters on Monday,
setting up what could be an unprecedented wide-ranging probe of
some of the world's largest companies.
  
"
"In its place will be three media streaming apps: Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, and Apple TV"
"* Facebook, Amazon, Alphabet tumble on fears of regulatory
risks
  
"
"The three major U.S. stock
indexes declined on Monday and Nasdaq confirmed it was in a
correction, dragged down by Alphabet, Facebook
and Amazon.com on fears the companies are the targets
of U.S. government antitrust regulators.
  
"
"Ad tech firms
and publishers have had to stay in the good graces of Google or
risk insolvency.
  
"
"* Facebook, Amazon, Alphabet tumble on fears of regulatory
risks
  
"
"The U.S. government is
gearing up to investigate the massive market power of Amazon,
Apple, Facebook and Google, sources told Reuters on Monday,
setting up what could be an unprecedented wide-ranging probe of
some of the world's largest companies.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's shares closed 6%
down on Monday following reports that the U.S. Justice
Department may investigate Google for hampering competition.
  
"
"The U.S. government is
gearing up to investigate whether Amazon, Apple, Facebook and
Google misuse their massive market power, sources told Reuters
on Monday, setting up what could be an unprecedented,
wide-ranging probe of some of the world's largest companies.
  
"
"Apple Inc on
Monday launched a \"Sign In With Apple\" function to rival
Facebook and Google web login accounts, drawing a contrast with
rivals by stressing protection of users' information.
  
"
"Facebook Inc
investors will only get to vote on the pay of Chief Executive
Mark Zuckerberg every three years, rather than annually as most
outside shareholders would prefer, according to a vote tally
released by the world's largest social media company late on
Monday, following its annual meeting last week.
  
"
"Some of the underlying developments appear to represent a divvying up of turf between the Department of Justice's antitrust cops and the Federal Trade Commission, which also holds antitrust authority"
"The OnePlus 7 comes in two RAM and storage variants - 6GB/128GB and 8GB/256 - priced at Rs 32,999 and Rs 37,999, respectively"
"European shares fell half a percent on
Tuesday as the first signs of U.S. antitrust action against
Google and other major technology companies drove peers in
Europe lower, following losses on Wall Street and Asian markets
overnight.
  
"
"An advisor to the EU's top
court said on Tuesday that Facebook could be ordered to
seek out all content on its platform identical to that found to
be illegal by a court injunction.
  
"
"Facebook on Tuesday said
an EU court opinion calling for it to seek out content deemed
illegal by a local court on its platform undermined free speech
across borders.
  
"
"Google's privacy woes
are set to increase after campaigners on Tuesday filed
complaints to data protecton regulators in France, Germany and
seven other EU countries over the way it deals with data in
online advertising.
  
"
"Google's privacy woes
are set to increase after campaigners on Tuesday filed
complaints to data protection regulators in France, Germany and
seven other EU countries over the way it deals with data in
online advertising.
  
"
"Facebook may be ordered
to track down all posts duplicating content it has been told to
remove by an EU court, an adviser to the European Union's top
court said on Tuesday.
  
"
"* Amazon has launched its own 'Belei' beauty and skincare
line
  
"
"Apple Inc Chief
Executive Tim Cook denied that the company is a monopoly as the
U.S. government gears up for a potentially unprecedented probe
into whether the iPhone maker and other technology giants are
misusing their massive market power.
  
"
"Two app developers on Tuesday sued Apple
Inc over its App Store practices, making claims similar
to those in a lawsuit brought by consumers that the U.S. Supreme
Court recently allowed to proceed.
  
"
"Public pension fund leaders on
Tuesday called for separating the chairman and chief executive
officer positions at Facebook Inc, both held by
co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, citing a vote that showed strong
support for the idea among outside investors in the world's
largest social media company.
  
"
"Public pension fund leaders on
Tuesday called for separating the chairman and chief executive
officer positions at Facebook Inc, both held by
co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, citing a vote that showed strong
support for the idea among outside investors in the world's
largest social media company.
  
"
"Apple Inc Chief
Executive Officer Tim Cook said China has not targeted the
company as a result of the U.S.-China trade dispute and he does
not anticipate it will.
  
"
"Apple Inc will require
developers to position a new \"Sign on with Apple\" button in
iPhone and iPad apps above rival buttons from Alphabet Inc's
Google and Facebook Inc, according to developer
guidelines released this week.
  
"
"Apple Inc will ask developers to
position a new \"Sign on with Apple\" button in iPhone and iPad
apps above rival buttons from Alphabet Inc's Google
and Facebook Inc, according to design guidelines released
this week.
  
"
"Apple Inc will ask developers to
position a new \"Sign on with Apple\" button in iPhone and iPad
apps above rival buttons from Alphabet Inc's Google
and Facebook Inc, according to design guidelines released
this week.
  
"
NA
"India falls way behind US and UK, whose allocations to the two tech giants are 6.5% and 10.5%, respectively"
"Microsoft Corp and Oracle Corp
on Wednesday said they reached an agreement to make
their two cloud computing services work together with high-speed
links between their data centers, targeting big business users
and uniting against cloud computing leader Amazon.com's
Amazon Web Services.
  
"
"Microsoft's internet
phone call and messaging service Skype can be considered a
telecoms operator as it offers a paid-for service and has a deal
with network operators to carry calls, Europe's top court said
on Wednesday.
  
"
"The U.S. internet advertising industry is
projected to hit $160 billion by 2023 from $107 billion last
year, led by fast-growing categories like mobile video with
Alphabet Inc's Google and Facebook Inc firmly
controlling the market, consultancy PwC said on Wednesday.
  
"
"German authorities are working on
guidelines to allow them to access data held by voice assistants
like Amazon's Alexa or smart fridges to help them fight
crime, a spokesman for the interior ministry said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Find out how to increase brand awareness of your Amazon products.
       
"
"Indian political parties spent Rs 27.8 crore on Facebook ads in 2019. Google ads saw spending of  Rs2 7.4 crore."
"Dutch billionaire businessman
John de Mol filed a lawsuit against Facebook in an Amsterdam
court on Wednesday, saying the social media giant had allowed
fake ads on its platform using his name and image to perpetrate
Bitcoin-related fraud.
  
"
"Facebook is in talks
with Dutch regulators about how to stop criminals who place
advertisements for scam products on the internet company's
platform, a lawyer said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Ratings agency Moody's Investor Service
said on Wednesday that reports of U.S. agencies probing the
business practices and market position of Alphabet Inc's
Google are credit negative for the technology giant.
  
"
"Dutch billionaire John de Mol
filed a lawsuit against Facebook on Wednesday for
allowing fake ads on its platform which used his name and image
to perpetrate Bitcoin-related fraud.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on
Wednesday introduced \"StyleSnap\", a feature on its app that
allows users to upload a picture of a look or style they like
and get recommendations for similar items on the platform.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc has a
new drone that will be delivering packages to customers in
months, the chief executive of the company's consumer business
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc has a
new drone that will be delivering packages to customers \"in
months,\" the chief executive of the company's consumer business
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc has
new drones that will deliver packages to customers in 30 minutes
or less in the coming months, a step toward a goal that has
eluded the retailer for years.
  
"
"British price comparison site
Kelkoo is willing to take its complaint about Google
to U.S. antitrust regulators because EU efforts to ensure a
level playing field are inadequate, its chief executive said on
Wednesday.
  
"
"The arcane topic of antitrust law is
getting more attention with the U.S. government gearing up to
investigate whether Alphabet Inc's Google, Facebook
Inc, Apple Inc, and Amazon.com Inc
compete fairly.
  
"
"One of Amazon.com Inc's
top executives on Wednesday responded to reported
information gathering by U.S. antitrust enforcers and to calls
by some critics to break up the company with a simple message:
we welcome any review.
  
"
"One of Amazon.com Inc's
top executives on Wednesday responded to reported
information gathering by U.S. antitrust enforcers and to calls
by some critics to break up the company with a simple message:
we welcome any review.
  
"
"Google is doing significant hiring in Bengaluru for its gChips unit that is working to develop chipsets in areas like on-device machine learning. Of the 64 job openings in Google?s Bengaluru engineering team, the majority are for chip design related roles."
"The Glanza comes equipped with features such as touchscreen audio with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay for smart phone based navigation"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it would buy Looker, a big-data analytics company, for
$2.6 billion in cash, in the first major acquisition for new
Google Cloud Chief Executive Thomas Kurian.
  
"
"* Springer's Stepstone unit has complained to European
Commission
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it would buy Looker, a big data analytics company, for
$2.6 billion in cash.
  
"
"Brazilian logistics company
Loggi has raised $150 million in a new financing round led by
China's Softbank, Microsoft Corp, GGV, Fifth Wall and
Velt Partners, it said in a statement on Thursday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it would buy Looker, a privately held big-data
analytics company, for $2.6 billion in cash, in the first major
acquisition for new Google Cloud Chief Executive Thomas Kurian.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it would buy Looker, a privately held big-data
analytics company, for $2.6 billion in cash, in the first major
acquisition for new Google Cloud Chief Executive Thomas Kurian.
  
"
"The U.S. Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) on Thursday voted to allow phone
companies to block unwanted \"robocalls\" by default as
policymakers grapple with billions of annual deceptive and
annoying calls.
  
"
"Brazilian logistics company
Loggi has raised $150 million in a new financing round led by
Japan's Softbank, Microsoft Corp, GGV, Fifth Wall and
Velt Partners, it said in a statement on Thursday.
  
"
"U.S. regulators on Thursday
voted to allow phone companies to block unwanted \"robocalls\" by
default as Americans grapple with billions of deceptive and
annoying calls every year.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google on Thursday opened pre-orders for its game
streaming service, which it said will launch in November with
more than 30 games from at least 21 publishers including
Electronic Arts and Take-Two Interactive.
  
"
"Russia's communications watchdog
Roskomnadzor hopes to make a decision in January on how to force
Twitter and Facebook to move its Russian user data onto servers
inside the country, the TASS news agency quoted its head as
saying on Thursday.
  
"
"Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com Inc's
chief executive and founder, said on Thursday he
expects the challenge of building robots for commercial use that
can grasp items as efficiently as human hands will be solved in
the next 10 years.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc Chief
Executive Jeff Bezos said on Thursday he expects there will be
commercial robots in the next 10 years that can grasp items as
reliably as humans, a development that could automate warehouse
work around the world.
  
"
"Many of the iconic scores for games including ?Final Fantasy VII? are officially on Spotify and Apple Music for the first time"
"Amazon.com Inc Chief
Executive Jeff Bezos said on Thursday he expects there will be
commercial robots in the next 10 years that can grasp items as
reliably as humans, a development that could lead to the
automation of warehouse jobs around the world.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google said on
Thursday it would buy Looker, a privately held big-data
analytics company, for $2.6 billion in cash, in the first major
acquisition for new Google Cloud Chief Executive Thomas Kurian.
  
"
"British health minister Matt Hancock, who
is a candidate for prime minister, has vowed to \"level the
playing field\" by scrapping the business rates for small
retailers while hitting tech giants with the new Amazon tax, The
Telegraph reported https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2019/06/06/matt-hancock-vows-save-high-street-tax-cut-small-retailers-funded
on Thursday.
  
"
"Britain's finance minister Philip
Hammond said he would press  the Group of 20 leading economies
this weekend to introduce a global tax on the revenues of online
giants such as Google, Facebook and Amazon
.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google has
warned if the U.S. administration moves ahead with sweeping ban
on Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, it risks compromising
national security, the Financial Times reported on Thursday.
  
"
"Russia's state communications
regulator on Friday said it was not satisfied with Google's
content filtering system and that it could open a new
case against the company, RIA news agency reported.
  
"
"The world?s richest man whose company has been flirting with a trillion-dollar market cap isn?t resting on dominating the earth?s marketplace. Amazon?s founder-CEO Jeff Bezos is aiming for the moon."
"FedEx Corp said on Friday it \"has
made the strategic decision to not renew the FedEx Express U.S.
domestic contract with Amazon.com Inc\".
  
"
"FedEx Corp said on Friday it has
decided to not renew its contract with Amazon.com Inc
for U.S. cargo delivery through FedEx Express.
  
"
"FedEx Corp said on Friday it has
decided to not renew its contract with Amazon.com Inc
for U.S. cargo delivery through FedEx Express, the unit that
delivers packages on planes.
  
"
"Brazil will make no changes to the governance of the billion-dollar Amazon Fund without consulting the donors Norway and Germany, the president of the fund's administrator, the Brazilian development bank BNDES, said on Friday.
  
"
"FedEx Corp on Friday decided to
not renew its contract with Amazon.com Inc for U.S.
cargo delivery through FedEx Express, the unit that delivers
packages on planes, a move that reflects the broader trend of
the e-commerce giant moving services in-house.
  
"
"FedEx Corp on Friday decided to
not renew its contract with Amazon.com Inc for U.S.
cargo delivery through FedEx Express, the unit that delivers
packages on planes, a move that reflects the broader trend of
the e-commerce company moving services in-house.
  
"
"Ecuador's President Lenin Moreno
has blocked the extradition to the United States of a New York
man charged with trying to defraud Facebook Inc founder
Mark Zuckerberg, a document obtained by Reuters showed on
Friday.
  
"
"Group of 20 finance
ministers agreed to push ahead on compiling common rules that
will close loopholes that global technology giants like Facebook
use to reduce their corporate tax burden.
  
"
"Iran is keeping up oil sales through \"unconventional\" means to circumvent US sanctions, oil minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh said in an interview published on Saturday. \"We have unofficial or unconventional sales, all of which are secret, because if they are made known America would immediately stop them,\" he said, quoted by the oil ministry's news agency."
"US Senator Elizabeth Warren has made perhaps the most detailed case for breaking up and regulating the four companies"
"Facebook, Google, Amazon, and other large tech cos face criticism for cutting their tax bills by booking profits in low-tax countries regardless of the location of the end customer"
"Google Cloud is hiring across sales, pre-sales, partner teams and solution architects in India"
"Group of 20 finance
ministers agreed on Sunday to compile common rules to close
loopholes used by global tech giants such as Facebook to
reduce their corporate taxes, a final version of the bloc's
communique obtained by Reuters showed.
  
"
"Facebook, Google, Amazon and other large technology companies face criticism for reducing their tax bills by booking profits in low-tax countries."
"Microsoft Corp on Sunday
unveiled its next-generation Xbox console, known as \"Project
Scarlett,\" which is set to hit store shelves during the 2020
holiday season.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp on Sunday
unveiled its next-generation Xbox console, known as \"Project
Scarlett,\" which is set to hit store shelves during the 2020
holiday season.
  
"
"Microsoft Corp unveiled on
Sunday its next-generation Xbox console, known as \"Project
Scarlett,\" which is set to hit store shelves during the 2020
holiday season.
  
"
"Google made a whopping $4.7 billion from the work of journalists last year via search and Google News, taking a huge cut from the online ad revenue of media houses which lost a crucial source of income, resulting in many of them getting shrunk or closed, a media report said."
"The $4.7 billion earned by Google is nearly as much as the $5.1 billion brought in by the United States news industry as a whole from digital advertising last year, the report said"
"Tesla Inc?s
rankings at two high-profile job websites have declined,
suggesting that job dissatisfaction at the electric car company
is intensifying amid layoffs, strategy shifts and executive
turnover.
  
"
"Salesforce.com Inc agreed on
Monday to buy big data firm Tableau Software Inc for
$15 billion, adding muscle in its fight with Microsoft Corp
for a bigger share of the market that helps businesses
target customers better.
  
"
"Tesla Inc?s
rankings at two high-profile job websites have declined,
suggesting that job dissatisfaction at the electric car company
is intensifying amid layoffs, strategy shifts and executive
turnover.
  
"
"Salesforce.com Inc agreed on
Monday to buy big data firm Tableau Software Inc for
$15.3 billion, adding muscle in its fight with Microsoft Corp
for a bigger share of the market that helps businesses
target customers with tools to analyze and visualize data.
  
"
"Facebook Inc
plans to release new versions of its Portal video chatting
devices this fall, the company's vice president of AR/VR Andrew
Bosworth said during an interview at Code Conference in
Scottsdale, Arizona.
  
"
"Facebook Inc
plans to release new versions of its Portal video chatting
devices this autumn, the company's vice president of AR/VR,
Andrew Bosworth, said during an interview at the Code Conference
in Scottsdale, Arizona.
  
"
"The head of Amazon.com
Inc's cloud computing division on Monday said the
company would work with any government agency that followed the
law, in contrast with rival Microsoft Corp, which has
touted its rejection of some controversial sales.
  
"
"The head of Amazon.com
Inc's cloud computing division on Monday said the
company would work with any government agency that followed the
law, in contrast with rival Microsoft Corp, which has
touted its rejection of controversial sales.
  
"
"The brand value of Amazon surged by 52 per cent to $315 billion, global market research agency Kantar said in its 2019 100 Top BrandZ report"
"The business of analysing data is fast becoming a battleground, with tech behemoths Alphabet Inc?s Google and Amazon.com Inc scaling up their presence in the market to take on established players like Microsoft and Tableau. In an effort to add muscle in its fight against Microsoft Corp, Salesforce.com Inc agreed on Monday to buy big data firm Tableau Software for $15.3 billion."
"The concept of Hyperloop was floated by Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, and has the potential to revolutionise the transportation industry"
"Knowles Corp, a major supplier of
microphones to Apple's iPhone and many other smart devices, on
Tuesday released a new chip that will allow battery-powered
wireless headphones to respond to Amazon's Alexa voice assistant
by saying the assistant's name.
  
"
"Democratic U.S. Senator
Elizabeth Warren on Tuesday called on the Justice Department's
antitrust division chief, Makan Delrahim, to recuse himself from
the department's antitrust  investigations into Google and
Apple, saying his past lobbying for the companies raised
conflict of interest concerns.
  
"
"The Galaxy M40, to be available in midnight blue and seawater blue gradient colours, goes on sale from June 18 exclusively on Amazon India and Samsung online store"
"Apple Inc said on
Tuesday it had decided to cancel plans for a second data centre
in Denmark and the company will expand its other site in the
country instead.
  
"
"$4.7 billion. That's how much Google earned from its news service Google News last year, says a study. Now \"its news service\" is only for operational purpose, because the news was not reported by Google employees, was not published by Google ? it simply indexed the work of other media companies. Pretty neat way to earn a few billion, right?"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday
it would end its restaurant food delivery service in the U.S.
later this month, giving in to intense competition from GrubHub
Inc, DoorDash, Uber Technologies' Uber Eats
services.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday
it would end its U.S. restaurant food delivery service on June
24, giving in to intense competition from GrubHub Inc,
DoorDash, Uber Technologies' Uber Eats services.
  
"
"Tesla Inc has got \"a decent
shot at a record quarter on every level\", Chief Executive
Officer Elon Musk said at the company's annual shareholder
meeting on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Vibhuti Sharma and Rama Venkat in Bengaluru;
Editing by Maju Samuel)
  
"
"The top U.S. antitrust
enforcer said on Tuesday that studying enforcement actions
against Standard Oil and AT&T decades ago can help lay the
groundwork for looking at possible anti-competitive behavior at
today's tech giants such as Alphabet's Google and
Facebook.
  
"
"Cloud-based gaming could allow
Big Tech - particularly Amazon.com Inc, Microsoft Corp
and Alphabet Inc's Google - to pull revenue
away from traditional video game publishers in the coming years,
Citi analysts said in a research note on Tuesday.
  
"
"British insurer Legal & General
has teamed up with Amazon to establish what it
said is the first blockchain system for corporate pension deals.
  
"
"Vietnam has asked companies not
to advertise on videos hosted by Google's YouTube that
contain \"anti-state propaganda,\" state media said on Wednesday,
as the Southeast Asian country ramps up pressure on global tech
giants.
  
"
"Facebook said the new app, called Study, is different than the previous two and was built from scratch"
"Facebook will create 500
new tech jobs in London by the end of 2019, including 100 roles
in artificial intelligence, with many working on systems to
detect and remove malicious content, fake accounts and harmful
behaviour, it said on Wednesday.
  
"
"* Aggregators like Apple News eat into revenue
(Adds quote from report author)
  
"
"German broadcaster
ProSiebenSat.1 Media will launch its streaming joint
venture with Discovery Inc, on June 18, with a premium
version planned to go live in the coming winter, CEO Max Conze
said on Wednesday.
  
"
"Salesforce.com Inc agreed on
Monday to buy big data firm Tableau Software Inc for
$15.3 billion, adding muscle in its fight with Microsoft Corp
for a bigger share of the market that helps businesses
target customers with tools to analyze and visualize data.
  
"
"Amazon collects data on almost everything happening on their site. Discover the data that will help you improve your ad results.
       
"
"Facebook discovered the emails in the process of responding to a federal privacy investigation."
"Walmart Inc on
Wednesday announced a sweeping overhaul at Jet.com, an
e-commerce start-up it acquired in 2016 for $3.3 billion, as the
world's largest retailer competes with Amazon and tries to grow
its online revenue.
  
"
"British supermarket Morrisons
and Amazon said on Thursday they will extend
their \"Morrisons at Amazon\" same-day online grocery delivery
service to more cities across Britain.
  
"
"Google's Indian-American CEO Sundar Pichai has said that The scale of India's market has allowed Google to develop new products in the country and take it to the global level, the internet giant's Indian-American CEO Sundar Pichai has said."
"Facebook has made its first equity investment in an Indian startup- Meesho, which connects re-sellers to manufacturers to sell goods via social-media platforms. Facebook's direct investment in the Bengaluru-based startup signifies the social media giant's ambitions in online commerce in India."
"Facebook is buying a
stake in Indian e-commerce start-up Meesho, the head of the U.S.
tech giant's Indian business said on Thursday, looking to deepen
its reach in one of the world's biggest internet markets.
  
"
"Meesho is a digital platform on which re-sellers reach prospective customers via social media platforms."
"The Trump administration has
denied requests to exempt Tesla Inc's Model 3 from 25%
tariffs on its Chinese-made car computer and center screen,
according to letters seen by Reuters.
  
"
"The Trump administration has
denied requests to exempt Tesla Inc's Model 3 from 25%
tariffs on its Chinese-made car computer and center screen,
according to letters seen by Reuters.
  
"
"Facebook picks up minority stake in Bengaluru-based Meesho for an undisclosed sum"
"The Trump administration is
expanding its efforts to block the use of Chinese technology in
advanced vehicles, denying additional requests by Tesla Inc
for tariff relief on key components of its electric
vehicles, and rejecting ride hailing company Uber's petition to
waive tariffs on electric scooters.
  
"
"
  
"
"U.S. President Donald Trump
met with Apple CEO Tim Cook on Thursday to discuss
trade, U.S. investment, immigration and privacy, a White House
spokesman said.
  
"
"The Trump administration is
expanding efforts to block the use of Chinese technology in
advanced vehicles, denying additional requests by Tesla Inc
for tariff relief on key components of its electric
vehicles, and rejecting ride-hailing company Uber's petition to
waive tariffs on electric scooters and at least 50 separate
requests by General Motors Co.
  
"
"Democratic presidential
hopeful Joe Biden on Thursday took umbrage with e-commerce giant
Amazon.com Inc's $0 federal tax bill in 2018 and said
no company making billions in profits should pay a lower tax
rate than firefighters and teachers.
  
"
"Facebook Inc has enlisted more
than a dozen companies including Visa Inc, Mastercard Inc
, PayPal Holdings Inc and Uber Technologies Inc
to back its new cryptocurrency, the Wall Street Journal
reported https://on.wsj.com/2IdYo3a on Thursday.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google is trying to plug a surge of public scrutiny around the
world by overhauling how its policy office operates, with
increased emphasis on having policy staffers and top company
executives alike building relationships with governments, people
familiar with the matter said this week.
  
"
"Facebook is not looking at breaking up the social media giant, its COO Sheryl Sandberg said on Wednesday."
"Apple Inc supplier Japan Display
Inc on Friday said it had not received notice from a
Chinese-Taiwanese consortium about a potential 80 billion yen
($740 million) investment, raising the possibility of a critical
delay in much-needed cash.
  
"
"A resolution of the trade spat at the Group of 20 meeting in Japan at the end of the month could add $20 to $25 per share for Apple in coming months, the analyst said"
"Apple Inc supplier Japan Display
Inc said on Friday it had not received notice from a
Chinese-Taiwanese consortium about a potential 80 billion yen
($740 million) investment, raising the possibility of a critical
delay in much-needed cash.
  
"
"India is preparing to impose
higher tariffs on some U.S. goods including almonds, walnuts and
apples next week after a delay of about a year, two sources
said, following Washington's withdrawal of key trade privileges
for New Delhi.
  
"
"India is preparing to impose
higher tariffs on some U.S. goods including almonds, walnuts and
apples next week after a delay of about a year, two sources
said, following Washington's withdrawal of key trade privileges
for New Delhi.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google is trying to plug a surge of public scrutiny around the
world by overhauling how its policy office operates, with
increased emphasis on having policy staffers and top company
executives alike building relationships with governments, people
familiar with the matter said this week.
  
"
"According to media reports, the US Department of Justice is preparing to open a case against Google for potential anti-trust violations"
"Google's CEO Sundar Pichai has said that it is \"perfectly fine\" for big companies to be scrutinised but cautioned against doing it just \"for the sake regulating\" them. Pichai made the comments after reports emerged that Google's search business and advertising may come under scrutiny during the potential anti-trust violations probe by the US Department of Justice."
"India will impose higher
retaliatory tariffs on 28 U.S. products including almonds,
apples and walnuts from Sunday, following Washington's
withdrawal of key trade privileges for New Delhi.
  
"
"Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan arrived in the state capital today to review public health measures for containment and management of the AES"
"Facebook Inc.'s Mark Zuckerberg and Alphabet Inc.'s Larry Page, made the annual list of top 30 CEOs compiled by Barron's"
"The lyric annotation site claims that it can prove this using carefully placed apostrophes"
"Japan Display Inc on
Monday said it has received notice from TPK Holding Co Ltd
that the Taiwanese flat screen maker has decided
against investing in the Apple Inc supplier.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's
Google has appointed Stanley Chen as its managing director of
Greater China sales and operations, the company said in a
statement on Monday.
  
"
"The world's biggest social network is expected to outline details of a virtual currency launching next year"
"Silicon Valley billionaire Elon Musk
tweeted https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1140481957341495296
late on Sunday that he had \"just deleted\" his Twitter account,
while also changing his Twitter display name to \"Daddy DotCom\".
  
"
"The North American arm of HSBC Holdings
Plc has opened a branch in Apple Inc's home town of
Cupertino, California, and intends to add up to 50 branches in
new and existing markets, the bank said in a statement on
Monday.
  
"
"The U.S. arm of HSBC Holdings Plc
announced plans to expand its branch network by around
a quarter on Monday as it opened a new location in Apple Inc's
home town of Cupertino, California.
  
"
"The U.S. arm of HSBC Holdings Plc
announced plans on Monday to expand its branch network
by around a quarter as it opened a new location in Apple Inc's
home town of Cupertino, California.
  
"
"According to the REBR 2019, Amazon scored high on financial health, utilisation of latest technologies and a strong reputation"
"Crypto-linked stocks also rose in Asia, with Remixpoint jumping 6%"
"Vocalist and guitarist of the band Megadeth, Dave Mustaine, said in a Facebook post that he has been diagnosed with throat cancer."
"U.S. cable provider Comcast Corp on Tuesday launched a program to further develop an advertising strategy that better targets audiences, as the TV industry looks to lure more advertisers away from digital players like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google.
  
"
"Sixteen of the world's biggest
advertisers have joined together to push platforms such as
Facebook, Twitter and Google's YouTube
to do more to tackle dangerous and fake content online.
  
"
"French healthcare company Sanofi
has teamed up with Google to work on
innovations, aimed at using emerging data technologies to change
how medicines and health services will be delivered in future.
  
"
"YouTube has recently made \"significant revisions\" to its hate speech policy and removed over nine million videos in the last quarter as part of a process to reduce the spread of harmful content, according to Google's Indian-American CEO Sundar Pichai."
"Facebook Inc
revealed plans on Tuesday to launch a cryptocurrency
called Libra, the latest development in its effort to expand
beyond social networking and move into e-commerce and global
payments.
  
"
"Facebook already rules daily communication for more than two billion people around the world. Now it wants its own currency, too. The social network unveiled an ambitious plan on Tuesday to create a new digital currency similar to Bitcoin for global use, one that could drive more e-commerce on its services and boost ads on its platforms."
"Sweden's AB Volvo
is joining forces with Nvidia to develop artificial
intelligence used in self-driving trucks, in a boost for the
U.S. chipmaker that was ditched by Tesla last year.
  
"
"Switzerland's financial regulator FINMA
said on Tuesday that it is in contact with the \"initiators\" of
Libra, Facebook's planned cyrptocurrency.
  
"
"The people that most often mentioned religious language like \"God\" or \"pray\" in their posts were 15 times more likely to have diabetes"
"* Shares up 2.6% in U.S. pre-market trading
(Adds Facebook pre-market share prices, Swiss regulator and
European lawmaker comments)
  
"
"To come anywhere close to matching the US dollar for utility and acceptance, Libra will need to be widely trusted"
"A program to monitor street signs automatically via Google Street View will save time and money for municipal authorities."
"* Shares up 2% in early trading
(Adds Bank of England and Bank of International Settlements
comment; ING economist comment; updates share price)
  
"
"* Stablecoins said by proponents to surmount volatility
problems
  
"
"* Nvidia was ditched by Tesla last year
(Adds details from AGM, rivals)
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google Calendar
app users were unable to access their schedules on Tuesday as
the app faced technical issues globally.
  
"
"Bank of England
governor Mark Carney has said he is keeping an 'open mind' on
the potential utility of Facebook's planned cryptocurrency, but
warned it may face strict regulation if it takes off.
  
"
"Diversity of talent, from a gender perspective, would be a top priority area for Amazon India, according to Amazon India chief Amit Agarwal, as he addressed his staff in an all-hands meeting on Tuesday, two people present there said. Agarwal's comments come as the local arm of Seattle-based technology giant completes six years in India continuing its fight against Flipkart, where it's US-based rival Walmart now owns a 77% stake."
"U.S. cable provider Comcast Corp
on Tuesday launched a program to further develop an
advertising strategy that better targets audiences, as the TV
industry looks to lure more advertisers away from digital
players like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's
Google.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google on
Tuesday announced an additional $1 billion investment in housing
across the San Francisco Bay Area.
  
"
"* Consumer privacy concerns and regulatory questions remain
(Adds comments from French Finance Minister, U.S. Senator Mark
Warner, graphic link; updates shares)
  
"
"* Nvidia was ditched by Tesla last year
(Adds comments from Volvo chief technology officer, Nvidia CEO)
  
"
"* Consumer privacy concerns and regulatory questions remain
(Adds detail on regulatory hurdles, background, and updates
shares)
  
"
"Alphabet Inc's Google
announced on Tuesday it would set aside $750 million in land and
$250 million in financing to spur developers in the San
Francisco Bay Area to build at least 20,000 homes and
rehabilitate other housing over the next decade.
  
"
"U.S. cable provider Comcast Corp
on Tuesday launched a program to further develop an
advertising strategy that better targets audiences, as the TV
industry looks to lure more advertisers away from digital
players like Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's
Google.
  
"
"A senior Republican lawmaker
wants Congress to promptly examine Facebook Inc's
decision to launch its own cryptocurrency.
  
"
"Both Republican and
Democratic U.S. lawmakers joined policymakers across the globe
who are concerned what Facebook Inc's decision to launch
its own cryptocurrency could mean for data privacy and security.
  
"
"Mexican President Andres
Manuel Lopez Obrador said he spoke with Facebook Inc's
Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday, inviting the social media tycoon to
partner with him in a bid to promote universal internet access
in Mexico.
  
"
"The cryptocurrency, called Libra, will also have to overcome concern that Facebook does not effectively protect the private information of its users"
"A leading U.S. House
lawmaker on Tuesday called on Facebook Inc to halt
development on its new cryptocurrency and for company executives
to testify before Congress, adding to global concerns about what
the digital currency could mean for data privacy and security.
  
"
"* Consumer privacy concerns and regulatory questions remain
(Updates stock price and adds link to sidebar on regulatory
backlash)
  
"
"U.S. House Financial
Services Committee Chairwoman Maxine Waters said Tuesday that
Facebook Inc should halt development of its announced
cryptocurrency until Congress and regulators conduct a review.
  
"
"* Consumer privacy concerns and regulatory questions remain
(Adds Maxine Waters comments)
  
"
"A leading U.S. House
lawmaker on Tuesday called on Facebook Inc to halt
development on its new cryptocurrency and for company executives
to testify before Congress, adding to global concerns about what
the digital currency could mean for data privacy and security.
  
"
"* China EV maker funding this year is just 13% of year-ago
level
  
"
"Mexican President Andres
Manuel Lopez Obrador said he spoke with Facebook Inc's
Mark Zuckerberg on Tuesday, inviting the social media tycoon to
partner with him in a bid to promote universal internet access
in Mexico.
  
"
"Facebook has been secretly working on an alternative financial system for more than a year which relies on a cryptocurrency called Libra. It could face immediate scepticism from people who question the usefulness of it and others who are wary of the power already accumulated by the Mark Zuckerberg-led social media company. FB hopes to begin it next year with 100 partners."
"Shareholder activists
want Google parent Alphabet Inc to break itself up
before regulators force the world's biggest internet ad seller
to split into different pieces.
  
"
"Apple Inc has asked its major
suppliers to assess the cost implications of moving 15% to 30%
of their production capacity from China to Southeast Asia as it
prepares for a restructuring of its supply chain, according to a
Nikkei Asian Review report on Wednesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc has asked its major
suppliers to assess the cost implications of moving 15%-30% of
their production capacity from China to Southeast Asia as it
prepares for a restructuring of its supply chain, according to a
Nikkei Asian Review report on Wednesday.
  
"
"* China EV maker funding this year is just 13% of year-ago
level
  
"
"The countries being considered include Mexico, India, Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia. India and Vietnam are among the favorites for smartphones, Nikkei said"
"Apple Inc has asked its major
suppliers to assess the cost implications of moving 15%-30% of
their production capacity from China to Southeast Asia as it
prepares for a restructuring of its supply chain, according to a
Nikkei Asian Review report on Wednesday.
  
"
"Apple Inc has asked its major
suppliers to assess the cost implications of moving 15%-30% of
their production capacity from China to Southeast Asia as it
prepares for a restructuring of its supply chain, according to a
Nikkei Asian Review report on Wednesday.
  
"
"Learn how to tweak your campaigns to get the most out of your Amazon ad budget.
       
"
"Apple Inc and Best Buy Co Inc
said on Wednesday that they have extended a partnership
that will allow the Minneapolis-based retailer's technicians fix
iPhones at any Best Buy store in the United States.
  
"
"Shareholder activists on
Wednesday urged Google parent Alphabet Inc to break
itself up before regulators force the world's biggest internet
ad seller to split into different pieces.
  
"
"Jim Chanos' Kynikos Associates was long
on Tesla Inc put options, not call options, on March
31, according to an amended Securities and Exchange filing on
Wednesday.
  
"
"The U.S. Senate Banking
Committee will discuss Facebook's proposed cryptocurrency at a
July 16 hearing, the panel announced Wednesday.
  
"
"The U.S. Senate Banking
Committee will discuss Facebook Inc's proposed
cryptocurrency at a July 16 hearing, the panel announced
Wednesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's plans
to create a global cryptocurrency will face scrutiny from the
U.S. Senate Banking Committee on July 16, the latest sign that
policymakers around the globe are casting a wary eye on the
project.
  
"
"Apple Inc has asked its major
suppliers to assess the cost implications of moving 15%-30% of
their production capacity from China to Southeast Asia as it
prepares for a restructuring of its supply chain, according to a
Nikkei Asian Review report on Wednesday.
  
"
"Dell Technologies Inc, HP Inc
, Microsoft Corp and Intel Corp on
Wednesday opposed U.S. President Donald Trump's proposal to
include laptop computers and tablets among the Chinese goods
targeted for tariffs.
  
"
"The investigation wing of the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has sought details of agreements between smartphone makers and Google or its group companies as the anti-trust regulator deepens its probe into allegations of misuse of market share by the Android operating system (OS)."
"Facebook Inc. wants to spawn a new global currency - one that could meet the \"daily financial needs of billions of people\" and perhaps rival the greenback one day"
"Plans by Facebook Inc
to launch a new global cryptocurrency called Libra could raise
regulatory issues, Bank of England Deputy Governor Sam Woods
said on Thursday.
  
"
"Microsoft's Linkedin, a
social network for professionals, on Thursday said it would add
800 new jobs to its European headquaters in Dublin, the latest
technology company to boost its presence in Ireland.
  
"
"Multicolored, sparkly
ice cream is an unlikely battleground in U.S. grocery stores.
But Kroger Co believes products like Kroger Best Unicorn
Swirl ice cream will help it win market share from Walmart Inc
, Aldi and Amazon.com Inc.
  
"
"Apple Inc said
proposed U.S. tariffs on goods from China, including iPhones,
iPads, and Macs, will reduce the company's contributions to the
U.S. economy and hurt its global competitiveness.
  
"
"Apple Inc said
proposed U.S. tariffs on goods from China, including iPhones,
iPads, and Macs, will reduce the company's contributions to the
U.S. economy and hurt its global competitiveness.
  
"
"Apple Inc said
proposed U.S. tariffs on goods from China, including iPhones,
iPads, and Macs, will reduce the company's contributions to the
U.S. economy and hurt its global competitiveness.
  
"
"Apple Inc, Keurig Dr
Pepper Inc and Dollar Tree Inc have joined
other companies in their opposition to a Trump administration
plan for more U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods, including iPhones,
Macs, and single-serve coffee brewers.
  
"
"Apple Inc said on Thursday it
would recall a limited number of 15-inch MacBook Pro units as
their batteries are susceptible to overheating and pose a \"fire
safety risk\".
  
"
"Facebook        cannot expect
its new Libra currency to benefit from the same unregulated
free-for-all that helped the company ach
  
"
"The U.S. government should
consider forcing Facebook Inc to freeze work on its new
cryptocurrency project, a senior U.S. lawmaker said on Thursday.
  
"
"Apple Inc, Keurig Dr
Pepper Inc and Dollar Tree Inc filed public
comments on Thursday urging the U.S. government to drop plans
for tariffs on Chinese imports that would raise the cost of
consumer products from iPhones to coffee pods.
  
"
"Apple Inc, Keurig Dr
Pepper Inc and Dollar Tree Inc have joined
other companies in their opposition to a Trump administration
plan for more U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods, including iPhones,
Macbooks, and single-serve coffee brewers.
  
"
"The letter said tech giants such as Google, WhatsApp, YouTube, Facebook, TikTok, and Amazon generated more than Rs 30 trillion from their Indian operations"
"Small tech companies fear
retaliation from big tech firms like Google and
Facebook Inc if they assist in an investigation into
allegations the companies misuse their massive market power, the
head of the U.S. House Judiciary subcommittee leading the probe
said on Thursday.
  
"
"The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on
Thursday objected to a move by mobile chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
to introduce internal Apple Inc documents in
its fight to stop the enforcement of a May antitrust ruling.
  
"
"The U.S. Federal Trade Commission on
Thursday objected to a move by mobile chip supplier Qualcomm Inc
to introduce internal Apple Inc documents in
its fight to stop the enforcement of a May antitrust ruling.
  
"
"Apple Inc, Keurig Dr
Pepper Inc, Dollar Tree Inc and Fitbit Inc
have joined other companies in filing letters of
opposition to a Trump administration plan for more U.S. tariffs
on Chinese goods, including iPhones, MacBooks, and single-serve
coffee brewers.
  
"
"GeoPark has withdrawn its request for an environmental permit to begin drilling for crude in the Peruvian Amazon amid protests from indigenous tribes, the oil company said on Thursday.
  
"
"The new chairman of Foxconn
said on Friday the Apple Inc supplier had no
plan to increase production capacity outside China at the
moment.
  
"
"Major central banks and
regulators will want oversight of Facebook's proposed new
currency and payment system, Libra, to ensure it is safe and
does not allow money laundering or finance terrorism, Bank of
England Governor Mark Carney said.
  
"
"France will set up a G7 taskforce
on \"stable coin\" projects, including Facebook's planned Libra
cryptocurrency, that will be led by European Central Bank board
member Benoit Coeure, France's central bank Governor Francois
Villeroy de Galhau said on Friday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's Libra
cryptocurrency would hand over much of the control of monetary
policy from central banks to private companies, the company's
co-founder Chris Hughes said https://www.ft.com/content/aa97ad20-91a0-11e9-8ff4-699df1c62544
in an opinion piece in the Financial Times on Friday.
  
"
"France is creating a G7 task
force to study how central banks ensure cryptocurrencies like
Facebook's Libra are governed by regulations ranging from
money-laundering laws to consumer-protection rules, France's
central bank governor said on Friday.
  
"
"Britain's competition watchdog on Friday
asked Facebook and eBay to conduct an urgent
review of their websites to stop the sale of fake and misleading
online reviews.
  
"
"Britain's competition watchdog on Friday
asked Facebook and eBay to conduct an urgent
review of their websites to stop the sale of fake and misleading
online reviews.
  
"
"* UK, French and German governors promise scrutiny
(Combines Carney, Villeroy, Weidmann)
  
"
"Customers can get an affected 15-inch MacBook Pro battery replaced free of charge, Apple said in a statement on Thursday"
"* \"We know there is more to do,\" Facebook says
(Adds Facebook's response)
  
"
"Company says, ?We don?t allow nude images of children on Facebook. But we know this a culturally significant image?"
"The Bank of England opening up
its balance sheet to payment companies and tech firms such as
Facebook would bolster Britain's 7 billion pound ($9
billion) fintech sector just as it faces tougher competition
from Europe after Brexit.
  
"
"If Facebook's new cryptocurrency should resonate anywhere it should be India, where the social media giant has more than 300 million followers. Many Indians are shut out of banking and face punitive fees for simple transactions, like transferring money to their loved ones."
"Seven U.S. Senate Democrats asked the
Trump administration on Friday to disclose details of possible
Federal Trade Commission and Justice Department antitrust
investigations into Amazon.com Inc, Facebook Inc
, Alphabet Inc and Apple Inc.
  
"
"Seven U.S. Senate Democrats
asked the Trump administration on Friday to disclose details of
possible Federal Trade Commission and Justice Department
antitrust investigations into Amazon.com Inc, Facebook
Inc, Alphabet Inc and Apple Inc.
  
"
"Amazon Pay got the capital infusion on June 6 by offering 45 crore equity shares"
"Amazon.com Inc is exploring
using drones not just to deliver packages but also to provide
surveillance as a service to its customers, according to a
patent granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
  
"
"Ahead of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo's visit to India, an American lawmaker has asked him to take up the issue of increased tariff on almonds during his meeting with PM Modi. India has announced a hike in customs duties on as many as 28 US products, including almond, apple, pulses and walnut, in response to higher tariffs imposed by US on Indian products."
"Here's what Bloomberg reporters and editors know about Libra, along with key unknowns that remain"
"Many of these firms have been offering significant cashbacks to woo customers to use their platforms to make payments for utilities and shopping"
"Politicians need to quickly
coordinate regulatory responses to new risks from technology
companies like Facebook moving into finance, though banks
won't be squeezed out anytime soon, the Bank for International
Settlements (BIS) said on Sunday.
  
"
"The 19th annual BET Awards were held Sunday at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles and, naturally, it was lit."
"Bitcoin pulled back from
18-month highs on Monday after jumping more than 10% over the
weekend, with analysts ascribing the spike to growing optimism
over the adoption of cryptocurrencies after Facebook unveiled
its Libra digital coin.
  
"
"There is \"absolutely no
evidence\" that outside forces such as Russia used Facebook
to target users and influence Britain's vote to leave the
European Union, the world's biggest social network said on
Monday.
  
"
"The upcoming MacBook Pro is expected to feature an LCD panel from LG display of 3072 x 1920 resolution"
"The future of money is in play and Silicon Valley technocrats have just made a compelling move"
"Bitcoin pulled back from
15-month highs on Monday after jumping more than 10% over the
weekend, with analysts ascribing the spike to growing optimism
over the adoption of cryptocurrencies after Facebook unveiled
its Libra digital coin.
  
"
"Alphabet Inc.'s Google
said on Monday it will invest an additional 1 billion
euros ($1.14 billion) to build data centers in the Netherlands,
including a new facility in Middenmeer.
  
"
"Okay, Ryan Reynolds, you got us."
"The JAY-Z-produced Amazon series arrives August 9"
"U.S. prosecutors on Monday
said the New York man charged with trying to defraud Facebook
Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg out of half of that company
is again a fugitive, after Ecuador's president turned down a
U.S. extradition request.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday
unveiled its online professional beauty store to sell supplies
to licensed professional stylists, barbers and estheticians,
weighing on shares of other beauty retailers.
  
"
"Facebook dismissed calls for a
break-up of the world's biggest social network and other big
internet companies on Monday, saying this would not tackle
issues such as privacy, attempts to influence elections or
harmful content.
  
"
"Amazon.com Inc on Monday
unveiled its online professional beauty store to sell supplies
to licensed professional stylists, barbers and estheticians,
weighing on shares of other beauty retailers.
  
"
"Music streaming service Spotify
Technology SA pays Apple Inc a 15% fee on
about 680,000 of its 100 million premium customers, Apple
disclosed in a response to Spotify's complaint with European
antitrust regulators.
  
"
"The U.S. Commerce Department
has agreed to Tesla Inc's request to waive 10 percent
tariffs on imported aluminum from Japan used in the manufacture
of battery cells at Tesla's Nevada Gigafactory, government
documents show.
  
"
"The U.S. Commerce Department
has agreed to Tesla Inc's request to waive 10 percent
tariffs on imported aluminum from Japan used in the manufacture
of battery cells at Tesla's Nevada Gigafactory, government
documents show.
  
"
"Shares of a number of specialized beauty
retailers fell on Monday after Amazon.com Inc said it
had started selling beauty products used by licensed stylists,
barbers and beauticians.
  
"
"In its complaint with the EU, Spotify said that Apple requires it and other digital services to pay a 30 per cent tax on purchases made through Apple's payment system"
"Facebook's planned global 'Libra'
cryptocurrency must respect anti-money laundering regulations
and it must seek banking licences if it offers banking services,
France's central bank chief said in a magazine interview.
  
"
"A senior member of the
Swiss National Bank said he was open-minded about Facebook's
cryptocurrency project, while an Italian official looked
for more information as central bankers try to get to grips with
the initiative.
  
"
"There was \"insufficient\" detail
to understand Facebook's plans to expand into payments
and launch its own Libra coin, Britain's Financial Conduct
Authority (FCA) said on Tuesday.
  
"
"The final version of the new iPhone and iPad operating systems is scheduled to release later this year, most likely by September"
"* Facebook seeks to launch Libra coin by end-June 2020
(Recasts, adds context, Britain's FCA and French central bank
governor)
  
"
"* Meeting between e-commerce firms, govt ahead of Pompeo
visit
  
"
"Facebook's plan to expand into
payments is not expected to be on the agenda of this week's G20
summit in Japan, but the social media giant's intentions could
lead regulators to take a closer look at crypto assets, a G20
regulatory group said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc on
Tuesday added Canada and Ukraine to the list of countries where
advertisers looking to run political ads on its platform must
first verify their identity and disclose who paid for the ads.
  
"
"A U.S. Senate panel on
Tuesday questioned how major social media companies like
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google unit use
algorithms and artificial intelligence to serve up new content
to keep users engaged.
  
"
"Facebook's plan to expand into payments is not expected to be on the agenda of this week's G20 summit in Japan, but the social media giant's intentions could lead regulators to take a closer look at crypto assets, a G20 regulatory group said on Tuesday. Facebook said last week it wanted to expand into payments and launch its own coin, Libra."
"* Facebook seeks to launch Libra coin by end-June 2020
(Adds FSB; S&P Global ratings report)
  
"
"Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal held a marathon meeting on Monday with online players including Amazon, Etsy India, Snapdeal, Paytm, eBay, Makemytrip and Swiggy"
"He talked about the solo record?s origins, Boris Johnson, and more with Zane Lowe on Apple Music?s Beats 1"
"A U.S. Senate panel on
Tuesday questioned how major social media companies like
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc's Google unit use
algorithms and artificial intelligence to serve up new content
to keep users engaged.
  
"
"The U.S. Federal Reserve is looking
carefully at Facebook's planned cryptocurrency Libra, and will
hold it to high standards regarding protecting consumers and
regulation, Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Shares of Tesla Inc fell 1.3%
on Tuesday after news website Electrek reported that the
electric-car maker has so far delivered 49,000 vehicles in North
America during the second quarter and may miss its quarterly
target.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's fine
for withholding WhatsApp messaging from a drug-trafficking
investigation in Brazil should be reduced to 23 million reais
($6 million), a Brazilian federal appeals court said on Tuesday.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's fine
for withholding WhatsApp messages from a drug-trafficking
investigation in Brazil should be reduced to 23 million reais
($6 million), a Brazilian federal appeals court ruled on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Shares of Tesla Inc fell 1.7%
on Tuesday after news website Electrek reported that the
electric-car maker has so far delivered 49,000 vehicles in North
America during the second quarter, threatening its goal of a new
record.
  
"
"Facebook Inc's fine
for withholding WhatsApp messages from a drug-trafficking
investigation in Brazil should be reduced to 23 million reais
($6 million), a Brazilian federal appeals court ruled on
Tuesday.
  
"
"Goyal said while govt was prepared to listen to concerns about its new FDI rules, it was committed to protecting small traders from predatory behaviour  by foreign-funded companies"
"A meeting on the controversial Press Note 2 on FDI in e-commerce marketplace turned into a verbal spat between the ?swadeshi? ecommerce players such as Snapdeal, IndiaMart and ShopClues on one side and Amazon and Flipkart on the other."
"Bitcoin jumped to its highest in eighteen months on Wednesday on safe-haven investment flows and growing expectations that Facebook?s Libra could turn cryptocurrency investments mainstream."
"You can't just set up your ad campaign and expect them to bring in customers day after day. Here are the five settings you should review and tweak as necessary to improve your sales.
       
"
NA
"Amazon's upcoming Prime Day shopping promotion will be the company's longest. Rival retailers are ready to compete."
NA
"The world's biggest cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, surged in value since April and on Wednesday hit a peak of $13,666.02 on the Bitstamp exchange, the highest level since January 2018. Investors have flocked back in to digital currencies after a bruising 2018. And now Facebook has said it would offer its own cryptocurrency, the Libra coin, by end of June 2020."
"The key to getting the consumers and merchants to use the digital currency will be incentives"
"Your customers aren't all on one platform, so neither should your digital ads.
       
"
"British-born Ive joined Apple in 1992 and designed the iPod, iPhone, iPad and Macbook as well as the iOS software system for Apple devices"
"The debut projects from Chance are available on Apple Music and Spotify for the first time ever"
"Social-commerce startup Messho, where Facebook made its first startup investment in India recently, is in talks to raise another $80-100 million (Rs 553 -692 crore) from South African media giant Naspers and China's Hillhouse Capital, said two sources familiar with the development."
"The Indian case is similar to one Google faced in Europe, where regulators imposed a $5 billion fine on the company for forcing manufacturers to pre-install its apps on Android devices"
"Food, fun and streaming is the American way."
"The company will use Quanta Computer Inc. to make the $6,000 desktop computer and is ramping up production at a factory near Shanghai, the Wall Street Journal reported"
"The partnership will expand presence of TRIFED's brand 'Tribes India' to Amazon users in 190 countries"
"Ive led a stable, close-knit team of designers who created the slick look and feel of Apple's hardware and software for more than two decades"
"Jonathan ?Jony? Ive has been leaving Apple for years. When it was finally made official on Thursday, there was nevertheless handwringing about the company?s future. Ive led a stable, close-knit team of designers who contributed to key Apple hardware and software designs for more than two decades. Ive will start his own design company, Apple said on Thursday."
"Europeans and Americans have their Visa and Mastercards. For everyone else, here comes ... Libra?
Facebook's new Libra digital currency is aimed at a huge potential market for financial services  the entire developing world, with billions of people in areas such as India and Sub-Saharan Africa, where financial services are often less sophisticated and many people don't use traditional banking accounts.
Whether or not these billions will want to make the switch is anyone's guess.
The US, Europe and most developed economies already have large, efficient payment systems.
These allow people to buy and sell goods in real time and send money person-to-person through services like Zelle, PayPal and Venmo.
That's why the companies that joined Facebook's Libra association, as well as nonprofits involved with similar projects, say Libra's potential lies elsewhere.
In developing countries, many tens of millions still live far from a bank or money transfer center, or currently use a currency ..."
"The news comes after Facebook Inc. earlier this month unveiled plans to create a cryptocurrency it expects will one day trade much like the dollar"
"?I could write a song about this and maybe I will but for now, I will use ?CRIMINAL? to help the WRONGLY criminalized get justice.?"
"The order follows a complaint in which it was alleged that the search giant indulged in anti-competitive practices by mandating smartphone"
"Facebook spokesman Anthony Harrison said the company evacuated four buildings following the positive test and was cooperating with police in the investigation"
"This is no criminal act."
"Get your products ready for one of the biggest online shopping days of the year with these four tips.
       
"
"India?s first full-time female finance minister in almost five decades, Nirmala Sitharaman, has held a wide range of jobs. She rode aboard a fighter jet as defence minister. As head of the trade department she grappled with falling exports. Sitharaman has been a national spokeswoman for the Bharatiya Janata party (BJP), and in younger days she's worked in London."
"The website's live outage map showed that the issues mainly cropped up in parts of Europe and the United States"
"L&T Infotech (LTI) is being questioned by the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) for documentary discrepancy and procedural lapse related to one of its key customers ? Apple. The development is said to have deeply soured the relationship between LTI and the iPhone maker."
"France's lower house of parliament on Thursday approved a small, pioneering tax on internet giants like Google, Amazon and Facebook - and the French government hopes other countries will follow suit. The bill aims to stop multinationals from avoiding taxes by setting up headquarters in low-tax EU countries."
"Facebook's plan for a digital currency called Libra has policy makers scrambling. The UK's three main financial regulators are working together on how best to respond"
"The White House has not extended invitations to Facebook and Twitter to attend its social media summit on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said."
"Inside Facebook Inc.'s Menlo Park, California, headquarters, a small group of staffers watched this rumor gain traction using a special software program"
"Find out how to use Amazon's demand-side platform to target your customers wherever they are online.
       
"
"Amazon has added about $119 billion in market value since the end of May"
"France on Thursday became the first major economy to impose a tax on digital giants, with parliament passing the legislation in defiance of a probe ordered by President Donald Trump that could trigger reprisal tariffs. The legislation -- dubbed the GAFA tax -- an acronym for Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon -- was passed by a simple show of hands in the Senate upper house after previously being passed by the National Assembly lower chamber."
"US shouldn't use trade tools against tech tax, says France"
"Actress Denise Nickerson, best known for her role as chatty gum-chewer Violet Beauregard in 1971's \"Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory,\" has died, according to multiple reports citing a Facebook post from her family."
"Amazon has added about $128 billion in market value since the end of May."
"It's an approach that's been a hallmark of Adani's empire: Pick a hot new industry -- especially one favored by the government -- build the infrastructure, and keep going till you hit the top"
"Apple's devices are coveted by millions of Indians, but its premium pricing has limited its market share to a meagre 1% to the gain of rivals such as China's OnePlus"
"Apple Inc?s top-end iPhones, assembled in India by Foxconn?s local unit, are likely to hit Indian stores next month, a source said, potentially helping the tech giant drop prices in the world?s second-biggest smartphone market. The India-made iPhone XR and XS devices are expected to hit the market by August."
"The board has approved issue of 754,437 equity shares of the Company to Amazon.com for an aggregate amount of Rs 51 crore at an issue price of Rs 676 by way of a preferential allotment."
"Although details of the settlement with the US Federal Trade Commission weren't announced, the fine is steep but far from devastating for Facebook."
"At $5 billion, the fine the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is about to levy on Facebook is by far the largest it's given to a technology company, easily eclipsing the second largest, $22 million for Google in 2012. The long-expected punishment, which Facebook is well prepared for, is unlikely to make a dent in the social media giant's deep pockets."
"Libra, which is widely regarded as a challenger to dominant global player Bitcoin, is expected to launch in the first half of 2020"
"Star India grappler Vinesh Phogat won her second consecutive gold in 53kg, winning the Yasar Dogu International with a commanding victory over Russia's Ekaterina Poleshchuk in Istanbul."
"Politicians and financial regulators across the world have called for scrutiny of Facebook's Libra coin, with concerns ranging from consumer protection and privacy to its potential systemic risks"
"At a time of rising activism among workers, some Amazon employees are using Prime Day to protest their pay, working conditions and a range of other issues."
"Facebook will need to meet \"a very high standard\" before it moves ahead with its planned digital currency Libra, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday.
Mnuchin said US regulators have already expressed concerns to Facebook about the plan for a global cryptocurrency, noting that these kinds of virtual coins have in the past been associated with money laundering and illicit activities.
\"Whether they're banks or non-banks, they're under the same regulatory environment,\" Mnuchin told reporters at the White House, adding that Facebook \"will have to have a very high standard before they have access to the financial system.\"
Facebook last month unveiled its plans for Libra, widely regarded as a challenger to dominant global player bitcoin.
Libra is expected to launch in the first half of 2020. It is designed to be backed by a basket of currency assets to avoid the wild swings of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
Mnuchin said the US Treasury welcomes \"responsible innovations\" ..."
"Facebook's new currency plan under scrutiny in Congress"
"Facebook's ambitious plan to create a financial eco-system based on a digital currency faces questions from lawmakers, as it's shadowed by negative comments from US President Donald Trump. US Congress begins two days of hearings Tuesday on the currency planned by Facebook, to be called Libra, starting with the Senate Banking Committee."
"Amazon workers walked out of a main distribution center in Minnesota on Monday, protesting for improved working conditions during the e-commerce titan's major \"Prime\" shopping event. Amazon workers picketed outside the facility, briefly delaying a few trucks and waving signs with messages along the lines of \"We're human, not robots.\""
"CSC Academy -- part of CSC-- joined hands with Facebook to start ?Digital Beti? initiative to train women rural entrepreneurs in more than 3,000 villages across 10 states in India."
"Bill Gates has never ranked lower than No.2 in the seven-year history of the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. That run ended on Tuesday with the 70-year-old Louis Vuitton owner Bernard Arnault advancing with his net-worth pushed to $107.6 billion, ahead of Gates by more than $200 million. Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos continues to be the richest of them all."
"In a sector dominated by established global brands such as Apple, Samsung and Bose, the consumer electronics start-up said it sells over 8,000 units per day"
"The European Commission will assess Amazon's 'dual role' as a retailer and host to other sellers."
"Netflix will probably almost triple subscribers in India this year to 4.1 million, within striking distance of Amazon Prime's 4.4 million."
"Many businesses have been sunk by Google's algorithm updates. Don't become one of them.
       
"
"Google is expected to pay a multi-million dollar penalty to settle an investigation into YouTube's handling of children's data, according to a person familiar with the matter."
"Microsoft Magyarorszg Szmtstechnikai Szolgltat s Kereskedelmi Kft. (Microsoft Hungary), a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation, has agreed to pay a criminal penalty of more than $8.7 million to resolve the government?s investigation into violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) arising out of a bid rigging and bribery scheme in connection with the sale of Microsoft software licenses to Hungarian government agencies."
"The abuses associated with big data have become regular headline fodder, and the repercussions of the Cambridge Analytica/Facebook scandal continue to be adjudicated. \"The Great Hack\" does an admirable job of weaving together those threads in an intelligible way, and how the \"dream of the connected world\" has been exploited, as academic David Carroll puts it, to \"tear us apart.\""
"She succeeds Julia Roberts for the leading role in the Amazon psychological thriller"
"The world's largest social media site spent more than $4.1 million on lobbying, the most among big internet platforms"
"The US Federal Trade Commission is set to announce on Wednesday that Facebook Inc has agreed to a sweeping settlement of significant allegations it mishandled user privacy and pay $5 billion. Facebook will agree to create a board committee on privacy and will agree to new executive certifications that users? privacy is being properly protected."
"US regulators are expected to unveil Wednesday a settlement with Facebook -- a reported $5 billion fine that might be the least painful part of the agreement for the social network."
"A new study shows that organic apples harbor a more diverse and balanced bacterial community -- which could make them healthier and tastier than conventional apples, as well as better for the environment."
"The Department of Justice, together with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), today announced a settlement that requires Facebook to implement a comprehensive, multi-faceted set of compliance measures designed to improve user privacy and provide additional protections for user information. The settlement also requires Facebook to pay an unprecedented $5 billion civil penalty ? the most ever imposed in an FTC case and among the largest civil penalties ever obtained by the federal government."
"The deal is also unlikely to mollify critics in Congress and among privacy advocates who have called for accountability for Zuckerberg"
"Where Spider-Man's guiding principle became \"With great power comes great responsibility,\" \"The Boys\" -- a deliciously dark new Amazon series -- works more from the premise \"Absolute power corrupts absolutely.\" The result is a compulsively entertaining and dark satire that sets a high bar for HBO's upcoming \"Watchmen\" adaptation."
"SoftBank wants to raise a new massive fund every two or three years to take advantage of opportunities he sees in cutting-edge technologies"
"Analysts have been looking for Facebook's growth rate to come in under 25 per cent for the rest of this year"
"Apple Inc took a major step toward supplying its own smartphone chips by purchasing the majority of Intel Corp's modem business in a deal valued at $1 billion, the companies said on Thursday."
"Apple will hold over 17,000 wireless technology patents, ranging from protocols for cellular standards to modem architecture and modem operation"
"Sources told TOI that there was a strong possibility of a fellow grappler harming Bajrang Punia, but a timely tip-off by the men?s freestyle coaches led to the federation stopping the wrestler from competing in Bajrang?s weight category ? 65kg. The wrestler under suspicion had come for his mandatory weigh-in at 6am on Friday, but the federation did not allow him to take it."
"France wants to tax tech giants like Google and Facebook. Now, French finance minister Bruno Le Maire its has said that despite US Prez Trump's threat of retaliatory tariffs on French wine, the country will implement the tax anyway. The 3% tax, which went into force this week, mainly concerns companies that use consumer data to sell online advertising."
"Tesla owners will be able to stream while the car is moving once regulators approve full self-driving, Musk said"
"Key shareholders in Affle (India) include Microsoft Global Finance, a subsidiary of Microsoft Corp, which owns 6.23 per cent stake"
"From Amazon's plan to buy Uber Eats India to Alteria raising Rs 960 cr in maiden funding, here are the top business headlines on Monday"
"The video-sharing platform YouTube is striving to block those who would use it to promote racism, hate speech, violence and disinformation, its number two executive has told AFP, as the Google-owned company comes under increasing scrutiny."
"Emily Sprague?s folk music turns solitude into an evocation of spirits. Her latest album as Florist grapples with change, death, and uncertainty with some of the most arresting songwriting of the year."
"Bigbasket, which competes with Walmart Inc-owned Flipkart and Amazon.com Inc, will use the fresh funds to set up warehouses and boost its cold chain"
"Amazon.com Inc is planning a foray into the online food delivery business in India this year, sources aware of the development said, in a move that could raise competition in an increasingly crowded market. Amazon is aiming to launch the new service ahead of India's month-long festive season, which starts in September, one of the sources said."
"India has become a battleground for global streaming giants from Netflix to Amazon.com and Walt Disney-owned Hotstar"
"All the company's major services and wearables, including the watch and AirPods headphones, require or work best with the Apple smartphone"
"iPhone shipments fell 11% in the quarter globally"
"Talks began after Reliance's negotiations with China's Alibaba Group to sell a stake in the retail entity fell through due to differences over valuation"
"Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company witnessed double-digit growth in India in the last quarter, signalling strong momentum after its revised India pricing strategy. ?In emerging markets, we returned to growth in China, grew strong double digits in India and Brazil and we set new Q3 records in Thailand, Vietnam and Philippines,? he said."
"The numbers mean Bezos retains his pole position among the world's billionaires, while his former wife now ranks 23rd, according to Forbes data"
"Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos sold shares worth $1.8 billion in last 3 days of July, reducing the value of his stake to about $110 billion. The move was part of a previously adopted trading plan and was revealed in regulatory filings that also showed that his former wife Mackenzie Bezos is now Amazon's 2nd largest individual shareholder."
"Young people replaced the axed staff at IBM to look young, as is the case with several tech giants like Amazon, Microsoft, Google and Facebook, among others"
"International Business Machines Corp (IBM) has fired as many as 1,00,000 employees in the last few years in an effort to boost its appeal to millennials and make it appear to be as ?cool? and ?trendy? as Amazon and Google, according to a deposition from a former vice president in an ongoing age discrimination lawsuit."
"The Supreme Court has given the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) six weeks to report on whether WhatsApp had complied with data localisation norms as the Facebook-owned messenger gears up to launch a payments service in the country, a person involved in the matter said."
"Following some privacy concerns Apple Inc suspended its global program where it analysed recordings from users interacting with its voice assistant Siri. The decision comes in light of an earlier media report which said Apple?s contractors around the globe tasked with reviewing the recordings regularly heard confidential information and private conversations."
"Elon Musk announced on Twitter that he will soon launch a China unit for his underground tunnelling enterprise, The Boring Company which makes tunnels for hyperloop transportation systems. One of Musk's followers tweeted that Tesla Inc's chief executive officer would attend the World Artificial Intelligence Conference of 2019 in Shanghai later this month."
"Star India grappler Vinesh Phogat has bagged her third consecutive gold in women's 53kg category after winning the Poland Open wrestling tournament in Warsaw."
"Reliance Industries (RIL) has acquired a majority stake in Fynd, a startup backed by investors like Google, for Rs 295 crore in its push for online-to-offline (O2O) commerce."
"Its Flipkart unit plans to unveil the service in coming months"
"The company is introducing the Flipkart app in Hindi. The plan is to unveil it in other languages as well such as Kannada, Tamil, Telugu and Bengali in future"
"Twenty-one members of the Bloomberg Billionaires Index lost $1 billion or more as investors reacted to stepped-up tensions between the US and China. Amazon.com Inc founder Jeff Bezos declined the most, shedding $3.4 billion as shares of the online retailer tumbled. But he?s still the richest person on the planet with $110 billion."
"Apple Inc rolled out its credit card on Tuesday, working with Goldman Sachs Group Inc on the new iPhone add-on that may help Apple diversify from sales and build out the Wall Street bank's consumer business. The card is designed to work with iPhone, where users sign up for the card and can start using it immediately if approved via Apple Wallet app & Apple Pay system."
"The equalisation levy was introduced in June 2016, but not through an amendment in the Income Tax Act despite being a form of direct tax"
"Amazon's go-it-alone delivery strategy has driven away one of its biggest partners. FedEx will end its ground delivery contract with Amazon."
"Bajrang Punia, world No.1 in 65kg category is learnt to have found his match in Sangeeta, youngest of the Phogat sisters. Confirming the development, Mahavir Singh, trainer and father of the Phogat sisters, told TOI that the couple has been seeing each other for close to three years now. Bajrang and Sangeeta are likely to marry after the Tokyo Olympics."
"The successful listing follows huge demand for the Microsoft-backed firm's IPO, which was subscribed 87 times."
"Find your brand name in the top Google results with these strategies.
       
"
"The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that Facebook representatives had told news executives that they'd pay as much as $ 3 million a year to license stories, headlines and other material"
"The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively"
"Apple has announced biggest-ever price drop for its smartphones in India. Under the new pricing, iPhone 6S (128GB), carying an MRP of Rs 82,000, will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000. iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available at an MRP of Rs 70,000,  the smartphone too has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, too has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE will now be available at Rs 44,000."
"iOS 10 reached 14.45% of eligible devices in the first 24 hours of its release. In comparison, iOS 9 was on 12.60% of eligible device within 24 hours of it being released for all users."
"All those Apple fans out there in India waiting desperately to lay there hands on the next iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- can now pre-order the new smartphones."
"Apple CEO Tim Cook is a man of few words. In an interview to Washington Post, the usually reticent CEO of one of the world's most valuable company talked about a number of things including the 'enormous India opportunity', Steve Jobs, mistakes made during his tenure so far and much more."
"To download watchOS 3, users are recommended to install the latest iOS version and keep the Apple Watch?s minimum charge of up to 50%."
"Instant messaging platform WhatsApp today opposed in Delhi High Court a plea alleging that privacy of its users has been threatened by a new privacy policy announced by Facebook, saying regulations were in place and the latter does not have access to any data as it provides end-to-end encryption."
"Microsoft contractors are listening to personal conversations of Skype users conducted through the app?s translation service, a report has claimed. While the tech giant states in its policies that it may analyse audio recordings to improve translations, it does not make clear that humans may be listening in, according to web portal Motherboard."
"The feature lets users browse through groups divided into 25 categories such as parenting, sports, food, buy & sell and more. Each topic page highlights the top suggested groups, based on popularity and group members that users might already know."
"Check Point Software Technologies, an Israeli firm, said a security flaw in WhatsApp allows people to edit someone?s reply, ?essentially putting words in their mouth?. A Facebook spokesperson said they had reviewed the issue a year ago and declined suggestions of vulnerability in the security provided by WhatsApp. The messaging app has about 1.5 billion users."
"Apple's latest mobile operating system -- iOS 10 -- is rolling our to users globally starting today."
"Several user reports and news websites mentioned that after the installation process the handset showed an error prompting users to plug it to iTunes on a PC. On connecting, another error cropped up which read, ?There is a problem with the iPhone 'iPhone' that requires it to be updated or restored.?"
"Apple has announced that it will be adding the ability to capture RAW images to iPhones, starting with iOS 10. While the stock iOS camera app doesn?t have the functionality to capture RAW images, iPhone users can use Adobe?s Lightroom app for the same."
NA
"According to sources, Facebook is pitching a new media initiative to license articles from some of the largest American news publishers and display that content inside the social network?s mobile app. The project involves the social network striking deals potentially worth millions of dollars to publishers like New York Times, Washington Post and Dow Jones."
"Reese Witherspoon, Steve Carell and Jennifer Aniston are ready to give viewers the full story on \"The Morning Show,\" a new drama coming to Apple TV+."
"Microsoft chief Satya Nadella joined Mukesh Ambani at the Reliance annual general meeting (AGM) on Monday via video conferencing after the RIL chairman announced an alliance between the two companies."
"
  
"
NA
"Another big announcement was Reliance's partnership with Microsoft under which Jio will set up data centres across India and Microsoft will bring the cloud platform."
"The deal, if it goes through, will help Amazon further strengthen its foothold in the Indian market where it already operates an online marketplace"
"Put your money where your online retailer is.
       
"
"Grappler Deepak Punia on Wednesday became India's first junior World Champion in 18 years after he claimed a gold medal at the junior worlds with a win over Russia's Alik Shebzukhov at Tallinn, Estonia. Punia will also represent India at the upcoming World Championship in Kazakhstan, having won the trials."
"Transcriptions done by humans raise bigger concerns because of the potential of rogue employees or contractors leaking details"
"Hundreds of Google employees on Wednesday called on the internet titan to avoid working for US immigration officials until they stop \"engaging in human rights abuses.\""
"It is not yet known if any other service by the Internet giant such as Google Drive or YouTube was affected by the disruption"
"The EU's General Court, its second-highest tribunal, will hear arguments in the challenges by the iPhone maker and Ireland over two days set for Sept. 17-18"
"US President Donald Trump said on Friday that tech giant Apple would be spending \"vast sums\" of money in the US in a tweet ahead of a dinner meeting with its CEO Tim Cook."
"India skipper Virat Kohli not only rules the cricketing world, but also leads the charts when it comes to social media following. With over over 30 million followers on each platform (Twitter, Facebook and Instagram), the Indian captain is ahead of batting legend Sachin Tendulkar, with MS Dhoni coming next at third position."
"State says linking needed to fight terrorism and fake news as Facebook appeals that the top court hears all such cases."
"In Apple's new drama \"The Morning Show,\" the bad blood brewing behind the scenes of the program at its center is stronger than most average cups of AM coffee."
"The rally was also helped by easing demand for safe-haven government bonds, with investors looking for bargains in beaten-down stocks after three weeks of declines"
"The top court issued notice to the Centre, Google, Twitter, YouTube and others and sought their response by September 13"
"Built in Hyderabad over three years, the campus spans 1.8 million square feet of office space and will accommodate 15,000 workers"
"Amazon Hyderabad New Campus: US-based e-commerce giant Amazon on Wednesday inaugurated its new campus in Hyderabad - its largest facility globally - that will house 15,000 of its employees in India. With 15,000 work points across 1.8 million sq ft in office space, the building contains over 2.5 times more steel than the Eiffel Tower, measured by weight, and is spread over 9.5 acres of land."
"Spread over 9.5 acres, the multi-storied building has 290 conference rooms, casual and collaborative work spaces that will house 15,000 employees and a host of facilities"
"Agarwal said Amazon works with some 500,000 sellers, and has created over 200,000 jobs in India since launching its ecommerce operations in 2013"
"The handsets will likely go on sale in September, contributing to fiscal fourth-quarter sales. But the real test will come in the crucial holiday season"
"Through this transaction, Amazon has managed to acquire around a 3.6 per cent stake in the Future group"
"RBI has permitted processing of e-mandate on credit and debit cards, besides prepaid payment instruments, including wallets like Paytm, PhonePe and Amazon Pay for recurring payments of up to Rs 2,000"
"After almost a year of negotiations, global e-commerce and technology giant Amazon.com is acquiring a 49 per cent stake in Future Coupons, the promoter entity of Future Retail."
"In \"London Boy,\" the eleventh track on Taylor Swift's seventh album, Lover, the country singer turned pop superstar sets out her love for the British capital, from Camden Market to Highgate to Brixton."
"Google has been hit by a couple of walkouts and sit-ins in the past over workplace policies"
"Apple's new titanium credit card comes with a potential headache that will be familiar to iPhone users everywhere: It can get scuffed up a little too easily in the real world."
"Pope Francis added his voice to the chorus of concern, warning that the lung of forest is vital for our planet"
"US President Donald Trump this weekend 'ordered' American companies to immediately start looking for alternatives to manufacturing in China"
"Flyers in India will not be allowed to carry certain models of Apple MacBook Pro laptops on flights due to concerns that their batteries may overheat and catch fire. The DGCA said it ?requests all air passengers not to fly with the affected models either as hand baggage or checked-in baggage."
"The streaming television channel wars encompass everything from known prestige programming behemoths Netflix, Hulu and Amazon Prime Video to more niche services like the Anglophile-catering BritBox and Acorn TV."
"There's enough oxygen in the air to last for millions of years, and the amount is set by geology rather than land use"
"As many as 23 job search websites have urged the European Commission to temporarily order Google to stop alleged unfair practices."
"The move comes as labour costs are rising in China along with added pressure from spiralling tariffs due to the ongoing trade war"
"According to the Cabinet decision taken on Wednesday, all procurement in India - for domestic or export markets - will be accepted as local sourcing"
"The new investment rules could provide a boost to Apple, allowing it to grow sales in the country and possibly help it reduce its dependency on China by building an alternative supply chain in India"
"In recent months, workers began testing and assembling Apple's iPhone X, which will be sold in India first and eventually exported"
"Back to school, no more summer vacation (if you even took one) and cooler temps on their way."
"The Chinese giant is expected to unveil its new Mate 30 Pro next month, making it the first top-line phone launch since the company was blacklisted by the US and forbidden from trading with American"
"Govt ministries asked to submit their policies and incentive structures for Invest India, luring companies affected by US-China dispute."
"Netflix and Amazon both drop major fantasy projects with winged creatures heading into the Labor Day weekend: \"The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance,\" a 10-part prequel to Jim Henson and Frank Oz's 1982 movie; and \"Carnival Row,\" starring Orlando Bloom. Each lands with a dull thud for different reasons, and one shared one -- namely, feeling derivative beyond redemption."
"Learn how to rank in all 10 Google search results in less than an hour.
       
"
"Google security experts uncovered an ?indiscriminate? hacking operation that targeted iPhones over a period of at least two years and used websites to implant malicious software to access photos, user locations and other data."
"In a major push to single-brand retail, the government last week had relaxed FDI norms, offering players more flexibility on local sourcing norms"
"Widespread adoption of Facebook's proposed \"Libra\" cryptocurrency could harm the European Central Bank's ability to manage the eurozone economy and threaten the euro itself, a top official said on Monday."
"The euphoria is clearly visible in activities of the smartphone majors"
"Facebook said on Tuesday that the US Department of Homeland Security would be violating the company's rules if agents create fake profiles to monitor the social media of foreigners seeking to enter the country."
"Online retail giant Amazon was fined 4 million euros ($4.5 million) by the Paris commercial court for introducing abusive clauses in its contracts with third-party vendors, a French website reported on Tuesday."
"Google, which is owned by Alphabet Inc, and its YouTube video service will pay $170 million to settle allegations that it broke federal law by collecting personal information about children, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) said on Wednesday."
"Officials said YouTube violated the law that requires child-directed websites and online services to obtain parental consent prior to collecting personal information from children under 13"
"Airtel may take the most direct competitive hit from JioFiber because, along with content bundles for its mobile services, it is one of the country's largest TV service providers"
"Phone numbers linked to more than 400 million Facebook accounts were listed online in the latest privacy lapse for the social media giant, US media reported Wednesday. Facebook confirmed parts of the report but downplayed the extent of the exposure, saying that the number of accounts so far confirmed was around half of the reported 419 million."
"Exposed server stored 419 million records on Facebook users across several databases."
"India's top grappler Bajrang Punia has been handed the top billing in the men's 65kg freestyle category at the World Championships, slated to begin in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan from September 14."
"The two spinners claimed five wickets between them to put a target of 156 beyond the reach of St Lucia Zouks"
"A coalition of US states unveiled on Friday an antitrust investigation of Facebook, the first of what is expected to be a wave of action against dominant technology firms. The case may be the first in a series of antitrust actions against big tech firms and highlights growing \"techlash,\" based on worries about platforms which control the flow of online information and dominate key economic sectors."
"Guyana Amazon Warriors registered their second straight win with a dominant performance against St Kitts and Nevis Patriots"
"Knight Riders finished their first week of the season with three wins in three matches"
"Barbados Tridents go down by 47 runs in their opening fixture of CPL 2019"
"While the iPhone still makes up more than half of Apple's sales, Tuesday's event may nudge it off center stage after a decade in the limelight"
"Apple is likely to release three new iPhones -- iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Max. Apart from the new iPhones, Apple Watch  series 5 and 16-inch MacBook Pro could also be announced today"
"The hustle is all about Apple's willingness to do something against its nature: go wide in the number of devices and internet-tethered products it offers"
"With 49 elevators moving a floor per second and zumba classes for its more than 15,000 employees, Amazon's new Indian headquarters, its biggest building globally, matches its ambitions in a vast but challenging market. The US retail giant launched its first site in the country in 2013 and is locked in a fierce battle with Walmart."
"Apart from Amazon India, Flipkart is also looking to make inroads into the large digital advertising market, said a news report"
"Apple on Tuesday launched new iPhones with added cameras, upgraded processors, refreshed design, better batteries and faster charging"
"Company is now capable of supplying large appliances to over 14,000 pin codes"
"The benefits include three months Netflix subscription gift, one year Amazon Prime membership and access to premium content from ZEE5 and Airtel Xstream app"
"This is perhaps one of the most combative charge that Apple is making in the Indian market and the aggressive pricing of Rs 64,900 -- for iPhone 11 -- has seen handsome cuts to the lower variants ranging from the iPhone 7, XR and XS. The cuts are in the range of 10-30%, resulting in savings up to Rs 20,000, which could go up further as we enter the festive season."
"Countering Mukesh Ambani, Facebook said data is not the new oil, and countries like India should allow its free flow across borders instead of attempting to hoard it as a finite commodity. Data sharing is crucial for national security as India right now finds itself \"locked out\" of major global data-sharing initiatives aimed to clamp down on crime and terrorism, it said."
"France warned on Thursday that it will block development of Facebook's planned Libra cryptocurrency in Europe because it threatens the \"monetary sovereignty\" of governments. \"I want to be absolutely clear, in these conditions, we cannot authorise the development of Libra on European soil,\" Bruno Le Maire said at the opening of an Oecd conference on virtual, cryptocurrencies."
"Facebook said data sharing is crucial for national security as India right now finds itself \"locked out\" of major global data-sharing initiatives"
"US internet giant Google has agreed a settlement totalling 945 million euro ($1.0 billion) to settle a tax dispute in France under an agreement announced in court on Thursday. The company will pay a 500 million euro fine for tax evasion, as well as a further 465 million euro to settle claims with French tax authorities."
"Apple unveiled its latest slate of iPhones on Tuesday at a widely-covered media event at its campus in Cupertino, California."
"Here's a selection of Business Standard opinion pieces for the day"
"It remains to be seen how such changes will affect news outlets, especially smaller online sites and local newspapers"
"In a statement, Google confirmed the settlement and hailed the fact it had put an end to fiscal differences that it had had with France for numerous years"
"The major networks were once the centerpiece of the fall in terms of pop culture. Now, they're just one more group crying for attention, in a fourth-quarter that will see an onslaught of streaming and cable fare and the launch of studio-backed streaming service Disney+ as well as Apple TV+."
"Its demand is unlikely to see government action before this year's sales kick off but it could help frame government policy on deep discounts"
"Google agreed to pay close to 1 billion euros ($1.10 billion) to French authorities to settle a fiscal fraud probe that began 4 years ago. French investigators have been seeking to establish whether Google failed to pay its dues to the state by avoiding to declare parts of its activities in the country."
"They continue to keep pace with Trinbago Knight Riders as their spin attack dismantled the Patriots, restricting them for 121 before romping past the target in a seven-wicket win"
"Officials from 26 central banks, including the U.S. Federal Reserve and the Bank of England, will meet with representatives of Libra in Basel on Monday"
"The court must now weigh whether regulators were right to levy a record $14.4 billion tax bill"
"\"Game of Thrones\" led the charge at the Creative Arts Emmys with a total of 10 wins for the fantasy show. Amazon's popular comedy \"The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel\" also did well during the night, with a total of six wins."
"Digital giants including Amazon, Apple, Google and Facebook are under scrutiny for how they govern their sprawling online platforms"
NA
"Ireland also challenges European Commission's crackdown on sweetheart deals to multinationals."
"The iPhone 11-series includes three smartphones; the iPhone 11, the iPhone 11 Pro and the iPhone 11 Pro Max. All three phones will go on sale in India from September 27"
"Malik made an unbeaten 37-ball 67 and made bold captaincy choices as Jamaica Tallawahs were effectively suppressed in their chase of 219"
"Amazon will buy 100,000 electric vans from a start-up and invest $100 million to restore forests and wetlands."
"The Vivo V17 Pro goes on sale from September 27 on Amazon, Flipkart, vivo India E-store and offline stores"
"This weekend marks 25 years since \"Friends\" hit TV screens -- and Google is marking the occasion with a sparkling special feature."
"A flaw in iOS 13, the new iPhone operating system Apple released Thursday, exposes contact details stored in iPhones without requiring a passcode or biometric identification. And Apple has known about the flaw since July, a person who reported the bug to Apple told CNN Business."
"Apart from the mountains, the doodle also shows a moving animated cartoon representing Tabei"
"The Emmys smiled on repeat winners and second-year series in the comedy categories, delivering five of the six early prizes to Amazon."
"Much like the character she plays on Amazon's \"Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,\" Alex Borstein's second consecutive Emmy Awards acceptance speech for supporting actress in a comedy was funny with an undercurrent of seriousness."
"Amazon's dark dramedy \"Fleabag\" won the Emmy Award for best comedy series on Sunday night. And, if Twitter and series star and creator Phoebe Waller-Bridge are to be believed, this is in part because of her character's Season 2 love interest."
"Oprah Winfrey is taking her book club global with Apple TV+, the company announced Monday."
"The ViVo U10 goes on sale from September 29 as a special in Amazon's upcoming Great Indian festive season sale"
"Amazon.in, in a statement on Tuesday, said it has created more than 90,000 seasonal employment opportunities. Similarly, Walmart-owned Flipkart has added over 50,000 direct jobs"
"Three-time World Championship medallist Bajrang Punia on Tuesday called for wrestling to be made the national sport, insisting that Indian grapplers have consistently won medals in big-ticket events."
"Who is going to get Jennifer Lawrence that weighted blanket?"
"The iPadOS brings desktop-like browsing experience, improved file manager, enhanced multitasking capabilities, redesigned user interface, etc"
"The no-frills carrier is expanding its nascent cargo-hauling arm to fill the growing need for overnight shipping services, fueled by online retailers such as Amazon.com. and Walmart Inc.'s Flipkart"
"The search engine is constantly tweaking its approach, and so should you.
       
"
"The draw of 1 billion monthly users has spawned an aggressive behind-the-scenes advertising economy that threatens the site's originality and appeal"
"In a move that would give a tremendous boost to the startup ecosystem in India, social media major Facebook is gearing up to make substantial investments in technology startups, a top company official said on Friday."
"Flipkart saw 2x more sale; for Amazon, it was the biggest-ever in a single day"
"From earning a passive income online to helping your business scale on Facebook, these courses give you a complete digital marketing education.
       
"
"I sat down with Chris Chung of Locate 852 to learn about ad strategy on the popular social media platform.
       
"
"President Donald Trump is using his powerful social media presence to push back against the impeachment inquiry, tweeting and retweeting more than 100 times over the weekend and his reelection campaign has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on Facebook ads on the topic over the past week."
"Microsoft also unveiled Surface tablets at its October 2019 Event"
"The list of TV brands in India is getting fatter with some estimates putting the number of companies which are vying for the Indian consumer at nearly 100. As older, but well-entrenched, players such as LG, Samsung and Sony try hard to protect market share, new entrants are making inroads, banking on a wider sales reach through esellers, while striking partnerships with internet content players such as Netflix, Amazon, and YouTube."
"US Commerce Secretary says India's new e-commerce rules had slowed the expansion of Amazon and Walmart in the country, warns against allowing Huawei for 5G technology."
"In a closely watched judgment, the European Court of Justice said EU law \"does not preclude\" courts from ordering \"the removal of information or to block access worldwide,\" a statement said"
"This was in response to Ross blaming policy for Amazon's India investment cut"
"Facebook would continue to work with authorities to strike a balance between privacy concerns and fighting crimes"
"The funding values the company at $180-200 million. Dunzo has raised a total of $81 million."
"Amazon's India unit and Flipkart, owned by US retail major Walmart, further cemented their control on the local online retail market. ?
Both saw increasing demand from smaller towns especially bucking the overall trends of a slowdown in the economy."
"Pioneering digital payments firm PayPal has said it will no longer be part of an alliance intended to oversee the Facebook-backed Libra cryptocurrency, which has come under attack by regulators."
"International outcry is mounting over Libra -- with central banks, governments and regulators railing against Facebook's upstart cryptocurrency and questions over how it would be regulated"
"Care Ratings Ltd. downgraded Patanjali's long-term bank facilities to A- from A , according to a statement on Friday"
"Flipkart said in a note that it recorded almost 50 per cemt growth in new customers compared with last year's sale days"
"Star India cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni joined tennis great Leander Paes for a game of football in Mumbai. Rhiti Sports, the firm which manages Dhoni, posted a photo on Facebook on Monday of Dhoni and a few other cricketers along with Paes engaged in a game of football."
"Amazon Flipkart claimed record sales during the recently concluded six-day online shopping bonanza"
"Floats consultation paper, seeks comments by Nov 12"
"Teams working on the Cloud Cam programme have picked up activity homeowners are unlikely to want shared, including rare instances of people having sex."
"If you've ever heard Issa Rae's voice in your head during an awkward moment in life, here's some good news: Now, you can have the gift of her wisdom any time you want."
"Masaru Wasami made the most of an opportunity in forging a partnership with Amazon for same-day delivery in Japan."
"The meeting, at the behest of the minister, Piyush Goyal, was convened by Shailendra Singh, additional secretary of the department"
"At Rs 99,900 for the base model, the iPhone 11 Pro carries the same price tag as its predecessor but brings a host of updates and upgrades; consider it for its imaging, performance, and intuitive OS"
"\"Masters of the Air,\" the long-awaited next WWII television series from Steven Spielberg's Amblin Television and Tom Hanks and Gary Goetzman's Playtone, will be taking flight at Apple."
"Visa and Mastercard on Friday announced their departure from Facebook's Libra project, a potentially fatal blow to the social network's plan for a worldwide digital currency. Along with the two payment giants, several other large companies have said they're exiting Libra. Payment processing company Stripe is stepping back, as well as online auction company eBay."
"They join PayPal Holdings Inc which exited the group a week ago, as global regulators continue to air concerns about the project"
"A days-long feud between Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Facebook intensified over the weekend as Warren openly accused the company of \"taking money to promote lies.\""
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk has warned for years that increasingly intelligent machines will dominate humans and turn us into their pets. But if the latest AI-powered feature from his car company is any indication, we shouldn't worry."
"Confederation of All India Traders alleged Amazon and Flipkart were violating the foreign investment rules"
"Integrated within the Flipkart Video platform, launched in August, Flipkart Video Originals will be produced by well-known industry figures"
"In a report, the brokerage said the key drivers to achieve this feat are new commerce ventures in unorganised retail market, entry into SME enterprise space with Microsoft, Jio's fiber broadband busin"
"While Nadella, 52, has a base salary of a little over $2.3 million, most of his pay came from stock awards"
"Ministries discussing potential content regulation after allegations of obscenity."
"CAIT had in a letter on Monday urged Goyal to order an audit into the business model of all e-commerce firms"
"Apple iPhone 11 (Rs 64,900, 64GB) vs Apple iPhone XR (Rs 49,900, 64GB)"
"Many countries have cautioned against rushing into crypto currencies, Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Sunday, as Facebook's proposed virtual currency Libra became a buzzword during the annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.  In fact, Reserve Bank of India Governor Shantikanta Das spoke about crypto currencies during one of the interventions this week. The RBI has banned the use of cryptocurrencies in India."
"These questions were sent to them after several complaints were made to the department by traders body CAIT that e-commerce companies have been violating the foreign direct investment policy"
"Union Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier this week said that the government was looking into alleged predatory pricing by Walmart-owned Flipkart and Amazon"
NA
"Central banks and government finance officials have long worried about the challenges posed by digital currencies, and the risk they can be used for money laundering and financing terrorism"
"Facebook had said that transfer of cases would serve the interests of justice by avoiding the possibility of conflicting decisions from the high courts"
"Yes, children really were hired to collect stray dogs for electrocution experiments to help determine which electric system would power the modern world."
"Revenue from advertising fell to 28 per cent from 69 per cent a year ago. Profit rose 16 per cent to Rs 473 crore during FY19 from Rs 406 crore a year ago"
"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is again appearing before the US Congress to face questions about his company's massive market power, privacy lapses and tolerance of speech deemed false or hateful."
"To mark the 550th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev, Air India is to launch a direct flight from Amritsar to Patna starting Oct 27. The flight, operated by the 162-seater A320neo aircraft, will take off from Sri Guru Ramdas Jee International Airport at Amritsar at 2:55pm and land at Jay Prakash Narayan International Airport in Patna at 5:05pm. It will also be leaving Patna at 10:55am to reach Amritsar at 1:15pm on every Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday."
"Official confirmation of the breakthrough in quantum computing came in a paper published in science journal Nature, after weeks of controversy following the leak of a draft"
NA
"Like Google, Apple too will now have engineers in Bengaluru working on its chip design initiatives. This follows Apple?s $1-billion acquisition of Intel?s smartphone modem business in July. Sources told TOI that nearly 160 Intel engineers in Bengaluru are part of this business, and will move to Apple to join its global hardware engineering team."
"Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has lost the title as the world's richest man, paving the way for tenacious Bill Gates to grab the top spot after Amazon's lacklustre Q3 results resulted in Bezos losing nearly $7 billion in stock value."
"Bidding for the huge government contract has attracted more attention than usual, sparked by speculation early in the process that Amazon would be awarded the deal"
"Microsoft Corp has won Pentagon?s $10 billion cloud computing contract, the defense department said on Friday, beating out favorite Amazon.com Inc. The contracting process had long been mired in conflict of interest allegations, even drawing the attention of President Donald Trump, who has publicly taken swipes at Amazon and its founder Jeff Bezos. Trump in August said his administration was reviewing Amazon?s bid after complaints from other companies."
"Google is paying more attention to the small words in your searches. Want to figure out how to park on a hill with no curb? Google now takes that ?no? into account, and shows top results that include parking instructions without curbs."
"\"The Morning Show\" is the showiest of Apple TV+'s new series, starring Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon in a drama with a timely tie-in to the back-in-the-headlines scandal surrounding Matt Lauer's \"Today\" show exit. As executed, though, hold that wake-up call, considering that most of its big ideas essentially rehash ground \"Network\" covered more than 40 years ago."
"While Google has joined other major technology companies like Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in developing smartphones, it has yet to develop any wearable offerings"
"The move is the latest sign of the Reliance group's pivot towards data and digital services for future growth, as it builds an online platform to take on the likes of Amazon and Flipkart in India"
"Shares of Microsoft Corp gained 2% and were among the biggest boost to all three major indexes after the technology giant won the Pentagon's $10 billion cloud computing contract, beating Amazon.com"
"The company is doubling down on its wearables and services units to boost revenue as it faced slowing iPhone sales in recent quarters"
"On the 6th spot is Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen, followed by MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga, ranked 7th and Microsoft chief Satya Nadella on the 9th spot"
"Google India Digital Services (GIDS), which runs Google Pay spent Rs 1,028 crore to incentivise users in the form of cashback rewards in the financial year ending March 2019, as per a report. Over last two years, the company has spent about Rs 1,369 crore in cashback rewards. GIDS largely received the above-mentioned amount from Google Asia Pacific, an entity based out of Singapore."
"Amazon, which is locked in a battle against Flipkart, had registered cumulative losses of over Rs 7,000 crore across various units in 2018-19"
"EU says companies need to do more to tackle disinformation"
"The funding will help the US e-tailer take on Flipkart as well as competition from the yet-to-be-launched 
e-com business of RIL"
"Four premium-type series inaugurate Apple TV+, and even by the hit-miss standards of plain old TV, it's an underwhelming crop. Indeed, in terms of top-tier fare springing from the premium networks and services, these Apple offerings fall pretty far from the tree."
"WhatsApp on Tuesday sued Israeli technology firm NSO Group, accusing it of using the Facebook-owned messaging service to conduct cyberespionage on journalists, human rights activists and others."
"Facebook has agreed to pay a 500,000 pound fine for breaches of data protection law related to the harvesting of data by consultancy Cambridge Analytica, Britain?s information rights regulator said on Wednesday."
"Compliance, consistency and accountability are key to maintaining this essential marketing tool.
       
"
"Indian grappler Ravinder settled for a silver medal after going down to Kyrgyzstan's Ulukbek Zholdoshbekov in the 61kg final at the U-23 World Wrestling Championship. The 22-year-old Indian suffered a 3-5 loss to Ulukbek, the current Asian U23 champion in 61kg."
"The leading online social network said its profit topped $6 billion on revenue that climbed 28 per cent to $17.4 billion in the quarter that ended on September 30"
"Twitter Inc will ban political advertising on its platform next month, the company's chief executive said on Wednesday, as social media platforms face pressure to block attempts to steer elections with false information."
"With WhatsApp revealing that Indian journalists and human rights activists were among users targeted by an Israeli spyware, the government on Thursday asked the Facebook-owned messaging platform to explain the breach and list out measures that have been taken to safeguard privacy of millions of Indians."
"Apple?s back-to-school promotion appears to be paying off in India. The company's CFO Luca Maestri said it achieved record business in India in the last quarter, buoyed by sales of its Mac computers."
"Google is an ideal partner to advance our mission, Fitbit co-founder and chief executive James Park said in a statement by the two firms announcing the deal"
"The CCI sought justification from Amazon on why it chose to file a Form I, the source added, which could potentially delay approval of the deal"
"Google has agreed to buy Fitbit for $2.1 billion in a move giving the US tech giant an entry into the wearable technology space, the two companies announced on Friday. The move comes with Google seeking to expand beyond its core business of online search into hardware, and with Fitbit struggling against rivals including Apple."
"Google could also combine the company with the smartwatch technology it bought from Fossil Group earlier this year to help it design new products"
"The idea essentially is Amazon?s consumers can avail of the services within the company?s app or website without going to other platforms by tying up with third party players. Companies like PhonePe have also built in a similar bouquet of apps across sectors like travel, food, and others. The companies did not disclose the terms of the deal for this arrangement."
"Become an expert with Google Ads, YouTube Ads, and LinkedIn Advertising.
       
"
"Brian Tarantina, an actor who recently played the role of Jackie in Amazon's \"The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel\" series, has died in New York at age 60, his manager told CNN on Saturday."
"Singer Kacey Musgraves is way ahead of you on the whole Christmas spirit thing."
"In May Netflix made a rare acquisition, of the children's media brand StoryBots, for an undisclosed sum. In July it announced seven new series targeting preschoolers."
"Alphabet investigation includes the behavior of Chief Legal Officer David Drummond, a long time senior executive."
"Some 7,000 pages of documents reveal how Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg and his team harnessed users' personal information to reward partners by giving them preferential data"
"This comprehensive course will take you from SEO novice to expert.
       
"
"More than half of Google's workers are temporary, vendor or contract staff, known as TVCs"
"Private buyers will be able to make bulk purchases on Government e-marketplace"
"In a wide ranging discussion, Sandberg touched on other big themes for 2020, including antitrust investigations and political ads."
"Gupta was the managing director of Star and Disney India, and he will take up his new role early next year"
"Access to Facebook data helped Tinder thrive, but there came a point when it inched closer to losing that access"
"A public consultation meeting on the GloBE proposal will be held on December 9."
"Anonymous post alleges perceived slights managers, white colleagues, and HR department at Facebook."
"A group of Indians including journalists and lawyers whose phones were hacked via Facebook?s WhatsApp messaging platform asked the government on Friday to make public its ties with the Israeli firm accused of deploying the spyware."
"E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc's long-serving executive Steve Kessel will leave the company after 20 years, a company spokesperson told Reuters on Friday."
"On Saturday, Wozniak said he got 10 times more credit on the card compared with his wife."
"Footage showed a police officer drawing his sidearm in the district of Sai Wan Ho as he tried to detain a masked person at a junction that had been blocked by protesters"
"Chinese retailer Alibaba Group Holding Ltd?s sales for its 24-hour Singles? Day shopping blitz hit a record $38.4 billion, more than Amazon.com Inc?s haul last quarter from online sales. But sales growth for the festival eased to 26%, the weakest since 2009, held back by a slowing e-commerce industry in China as the country?s economic expansion heads toward a historic low."
"The 90-year-old Mangeshkar was admitted to the Breach Candy Hospital in the early hours of Monday where Dr Patit Samdhani is treating her."
NA
"Facebook Pay supports most major credit and debit cards as well as PayPal."
"The details of the project, named Cache, were first reported by the Wall Street Journal and follow moves by tech heavyweights Apple Inc and Facebook Inc into the financial industry this year"
"\"The Report\" tackles a serious topic -- the CIA's use of torture after the Sept. 11 attacks, and the heroic attempt to make those practices public -- and turns it into a rather heavy-handed movie, one that nearly buckles under the weight of its own self-importance. Adam Driver leads the cast, in an Amazon release most notable for the flashbacks to what happened under the mandate to protect America."
"The 10-year contract for the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure program will see all military branches sharing information in a system boosted by artificial intelligence"
"In the first half of 2019, India made 21,069 requests under 'legal process' and 1,615 emergency requests with 33,324 users/accounts requested"
"Bill Gates may have been helped in part by the Pentagon's decision to award a $10 billion cloud-computing contract to Microsoft."
"A four-game, Eastern Conference road trip gets underway for the Charlotte Hornets tonight as they?ll look to go two-for-two in their back"
"One study that looked at Twitter activity during the 2016 election concluded that 80% of fake news was shared by just 0.1% of users"
"To appeal to both Google and your users, marry design with SEO.
       
"
"The Prime Minister's Office is considering the proposal and a decision is expected soon"
"Microsoft's India-born chief executive officer (CEO) Satya Nadella has occupied the top spot in Fortune's Businessperson of the Year 2019 list, an annual compilation that also includes Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga and Arista head Jayshree Ullal."
"Fossil Gen 5 comes with a heart rate monitor, accelerometer, gyroscope, altimeter and ambient light sensor"
"Tesla Inc on Thursday unveiled its first electric pickup truck that looked like a futuristic angular armoured vehicle. Reactions on Twitter ranged from love to hate. \"I just watched tesla release the cybertruck and honestly? My life feels complete,\" wrote a use, while another said, \"Its nice to see Elon Musk make a cardboard box car he drew in kindergarten.\""
"The Vivo U20 will go on sale from November 28 on Amazon India and Vivo e-Store"
"The big reveal of Tesla's electric pick-up went embarrassingly wrong when the supposedly impact-proof windows smashed, leaving a flustered Elon Musk to flounder through the rest of his presentation in front of a badly damaged vehicle."
"Traders' body CAIT has appealed to finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman to initiate a high-level enquiry to probe alleged avoidance of pending tax liability by Amazon and Flipkart. The body alleged that the e-commerce companies, including Amazon and Flipkart, were selling various products on their platforms at a price much lower than fair market value."
"India's overall mobile as well as components exports are expected to cross $1.6 billion each in 2019-20,"
"Apple has started production of iPhone XR in India for domestic market and exports, IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said. He also said that Salcomp, the world's largest manufacturer and a major supplier of chargers to Apple for iPhone, has reached agreement to take over closed facility of Nokia in a SEZ near Chennai."
"Elon Musk has revealed why the windows of the Tesla Cybertruck smashed during a demonstration of the electric truck?s armoured glass. At the launch event last week, Musk described the truck?s body as ?literally bulletproof? and invited Tesla?s head of design to hit the door panels with a sledgehammer."
"Only a handful of old-school retailers are thriving in the face of Amazon today. Best Buy continues to be one of those companies, and is set for a strong holiday stretch."
"When Elon Musk unveiled Tesla's much anticipated Cybertruck Thursday, he showed a video of the all-electric truck winning a tug-of-war against a Ford F-150 in spectacular fashion. As Ford's bestselling pickup was dragged backwards, its wheels spinning, Musk pointed out that the Cybertruck was pulling the Ford uphill."
"This is consistent with the number of warnings sent in the same period of 2018 and 2017, Google said"
"The affected users were spread across 149 countries, and the number was similar to (up or down 10 per cent) the number of warnings sent in the same period of 2018 and 2017"
"An Amazon spokeswoman said the products are prohibited and 'are no longer available'"
"Apple TV+'s rough start with original programming doesn't get any smoother with \"Servant,\" an eerie new series produced by M. Night Shyamalan, who also directed the pilot. Seemingly inspired by \"Rosemary's Baby,\" there's no recovering from the worm-ridden nature of its concept, which starts off fuzzy and weird and doesn't get much clearer over time."
"The government wants to conduct an audit and inspection of security systems and processes of Facebook-owned instant messenger WhatsApp over the Pegasus spyware controversy. This is the second major action against the American social media giant after the CBI inquiry that was ordered over the data leaks in the Facebook-Cambridge Analytica controversy."
"FCL is broadly engaged in marketing and distribution of corporate gift cards, loyalty cards and reward cards to corporate customers."
"Singapore is just one of many nations grappling with how to respond to propaganda and false information online"
"With a net worth of $60 billion, Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani has been ranked the 9th richest person globally, according to 'The Real-Time Billionaires List' of Forbes, that was topped by Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. The company on Thursday became the first Indian firm to hit the Rs 10 lakh crore market valuation mark following a spike in its share price."
"The Samsung Galaxy Watch LTE seems to be for Android users everything that Apple Watch is for iPhone users. But does it perform equally well? Let's find out"
"The correction notice was embedded at the bottom of the original post without any alterations to the text, but it could not be seen by other users inside and outside the country"
"Star grapplers Vinesh Phogat (55kg) and Sakshi Malik (62kg) dished out convincing wins in the finals to claim gold medals on day two of the Senior National Wrestling Championships on Saturday."
"CAIT claimed that small retailers have suffered at the hands of Amazon, Flipkart"
"For years, Google was seen as the gold standard of office life. The company pushed workplace culture to new frontiers with enviable benefits such as free meals, office slides, onsite childcare and an emphasis on transparency. But Google is quickly developing a very different reputation as it confronts a mounting backlash from its own employees."
"Placements details for the first slot are awaited for IIT Bombay, IIT Delhi, IIT Kharagpur, IIT Kanpur, IIT Roorkee, among others"
"In his statement, Pichai made it clear that the transition will not affect the Alphabet structure or the work they do day to day"
"Google chief executive Sundar Pichai will replace Larry Page as CEO of parent Alphabet Inc, extending a long retreat from public roles and active management by Page and Sergey Brin at the company they co-founded 21 years ago."
"The move confirms the ascendancy of Pichai, 47, 
as one of tech's most powerful people"
"The Google co-founders added more than $1 billion each to their net worth as the firm's shares rose 1.9 per cent in New York"
"\"The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel\" has received plenty of ovations since its premiere, including the best comedy Emmy for its first season. The Amazon series returns with its breezier charms intact, but, in this third go-round, feeling like it could use some new material."
"The wide-open skies turn oddly claustrophobic in \"The Aeronauts,\" a fact-based story about 19th-century exploration that never quite gets off the ground, despite the pairing of Felicity Jones and Eddie Redmayne as the intrepid pioneers."
"Pichai's actions as head of Google could give a clue as to how he will run the broader conglomerate"
"Showing no signs of cooling down, retail onion prices have continued to spiral, touching as high as Rs 165/kg on Friday even as the government grapples to boost the supplies through imports."
"The government has amended the Foreign Exchange Management Act rules to make it mandatory for e-commerce players like Amazon and Flipkart to submit foreign direct investment (FDI) policy compliance report by a statutory auditor by September 30 each year."
"Olympic bronze medallist Sakshi Malik led the charge as Indian grapplers clinched four gold medals on day three of wrestling competitions at the 13th South Asian Games on Sunday."
"Ahead of the vital do or die clash against India, West Indies wicket-keeper batsman Denesh Ramdin make a stop to give match ticket and gifts to his 4-year-old fan."
"The government plans fee-based arrangements with marketplaces such as Amazon and Flipkart for pushing goods produced by micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), while eyeing a tie-up with a financial sector entity to boost business-to-business (B2B) sales by small enterprises."
"Amazon claimed in a lawsuit that was made public on Monday that the Defense Department ignored Amazon's superior technology and awarded the contract to Microsoft Corp. despite its \"key failures\""
"As a company that supports 2.7 billion users around the world, it is our responsibility to use the very best technology available to protect their privacy, Facebook said"
"Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas have teamed up with Amazon Studios to produce a new reality show about Indian weddings."
"Offering incentives to consumers to exchange their old devices, using recycled material to build new phones and creating awareness about e-waste are some of the key steps being taken by companies, including Croma, Apple, Panasonic, LG and Flipkart, to stem the flow of the most hazardous trash stream on earth."
"A recent report on Internet found that 1.1 million children learn online that Saint Nick is a fictitious character, as the first article in the search says ?as adults we know Santa Claus is not real?."
"The one paid service that could have more users than YouTube is Apple Music, which has been tight-lipped about its subscriber figures."
"Google's leaders have acknowledged the delicacy of adjusting a culture that has entrenched itself over two decades."
"Apple Inc, among the biggest companies to benefit from the deal, rose 1.7 per cent"
"Impoverished but mineral-rich DR Congo is the world's largest producer of the rare metal, which is crucial for making batteries used in mobile phones and electric vehicles"
"The Sniper demonstrated his determination yet again on Sunday, when-at the height of the holiday shopping rush-he essentially fired FedEx Corp."
"He says that it may take at least six months for the economy to recover"
"Besides, Acharya Balkrishna would also be chairman and Swami Ramdev a member of the corporate social responsibility committee of the board of Ruchi Soya"
"France's competition authority fined Google 150 million euros ($167 million) for anti-competitive behaviour and for having unclear advertising on the Google Ads page."
"Apple's work on communications satellites and next-generation wireless technology means the aim is likely to beam data to a user's device"
"The music-streaming space is competitive and crowded, with Apple, Google, Amazon, Pandora, Tidal, iHeart Radio and dozens more battling for ears. But Spotify is the lead player, with more than 113 million paid subscribers."
"Artificially-generated faces of people who don't exist are being used to front fake Facebook accounts in an attempt to trick users and game the company's systems, the social media network said Friday. Experts who reviewed the accounts say it is the first time they have seen fake images like this being used at scale as part of a single social media campaign."
"Google CEO Sundar Pichai is going to make a lot more money in his new expanded role as CEO of Alphabet."
"The French authority found Google abused its dominant position in search when it set \"opaque and difficult to understand operating rules\" for its Google Ads advertising platform"
"US electric vehicle maker Tesla Inc and a group of China banks have agreed a new 10 billion yuan ($1.4 billion), five-year loan facility for the automaker's Shanghai car plant, three sources familiar with the matter said, part of which will be used to roll over an existing loan."
"Tesla Inc shares traded above $420 on Monday, more than a year after Elon Musk tweeted he had \"funding secured\" to take the electric car maker private at that price, only to later give up under investor pressure and regulatory concerns."
"Business Standard takes a look at the top five premium smartphones launched in 2019. Read on for a list of 5 best smartphones launched during the year"
"Apple iPhone XR became the top-selling smartphone model globally in the third quarter of 2019, capturing 3 per cent market share, Counterpoint Research said on Tuesday."
"From OnePlus 'Concept One' smartphone to Microsoft Xbox Series X, Business Standard lists top 6 gadgets that we should look forward to in the new year"
"Indian grapplers, boxers and shooters led from the front in the year 2019, achieving several firsts during the year. Ace shuttler PV Sindhu also had her date with history at the World Championships in Basel. TOI takes a look at the talking points of 2019."
"Business Standard lists top 5 tablets launched in 2019 that offer the best of both smartphone and notebook functions"
"Koneru Humpy has given another reason to google her. India?s first Woman Grand Master is the new women?s World Rapid Chess Champion."
"A Google spokesman on Tuesday confirmed it would scrap the licensing structure, saying this was in line with international rules and followed changes to U.S. tax law in 2017"
"Star Indian grappler Vinesh Phogat has said 2019 was a year filled with all kinds of emotions wherein she learned a lot and believes that 2020 -- wherein she will be making her second Olympics appearance -- will be special."
"The Wrestling Federation of India (WFI) will go ahead with the trials in the men's freestyle 74kg category despite a postponement request from injured Sushil Kumar. However, the celebrated grappler may get a chance to qualify for the Tokyo Olympics in March."
"Jaci Anderson, an Amazon spokesperson, said that the company's external communications policy isn't new."
"If you include quality keywords in your meta tags, Google is more likely to list your site higher in web search results.
       
"
"A prominent Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) analyst Arjun Chipalkatti, who is a regular feature on Sony Sports Network's talk show 'The Ultimate Guide to UFC', has created a controversy by using a derogatory word to describe fellow Indians on his Facebook post."
"Google has disabled access of Xiaomi devices after a user said he was able to see into the homes of strangers while trying to stream video to his Google Nest Hub."
"His 2019 bonus, which is tied to Apple's performance, tallied $7.7 mn, and was calculated based on Apple exceeding its sales target by only 28%;  the incentive was $12 mn in 2018"
"Radiologists miss about 20 per cent of breast cancers in mammograms, the American Cancer Society says, and half of all women who get the screenings over a 10-year period have a false positive result"
"Late in 2017, it seemed she would never be able to return to the mat again. A nerve-related twinge in her right shoulder, that also affected the right arm, left young grappler Sonam Malik paralysed on her right side."
"Apple and Microsoft are each worth more than $1 trillion. Google's parent company, Alphabet, and Amazon are nearing that level as well."
"Elon Musk showed off his dance moves at the launch of Tesla's Model Y electric sports utility vehicle programme at its new Shanghai factory on Tuesday, where the company delivered its first cars built outside the United States to the public."
"The company's latest marketing strategy is touting its commitment to consumer data privacy
       
"
"Apple has announced the Night Mode photo challenge, inviting users around the world to share their best Night Mode photos captured with the iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro, and iPhone 11 Pro Max"
"Amazon, which has seen significant growth in its business in India, has witnessed protest from a section of traders in the country"
"This bundle includes everything you need to grow your business through the world's largest social network.
       
"
"Alphabet did not give a reason for David Drummond's departure in a short regulatory filing on Friday."
"Bezos will participate in an Amazon event in capital New Delhi aimed at connecting with small and medium-sized enterprises"
"With Rohit Sharma coming back from his rest, Shikhar Dhawan fit again and KL Rahul in top form, there is a logjam at the top. Kedar Jadhav has been preferred by Virat Kohli despite Manish Pandey being in good form because of the former's bowling abilities and street-smartness."
"If you have googled Kane Richardson lately, you will be taken to links of stories on all-rounder Marcus Stoinis directing a homophobic slur at him during last week's BBL clash between the Melbourne Renegades and the Melbourne Stars and being fined 7500 dollars."
"The Delhi Police informed the court that it has asked the JNU administration to preserve and hand over CCTV footage of the violence"
"The commission would also attempt to understand the business model of the ecommerce companies through its first ever investigation into the segment"
"Highway to a Hundred Unicorns, the Microsoft for Startups initiative, works closely with local governments to strengthen the startup ecosystem in each state"
"The Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday ordered an investigation into alleged competition law violations by Amazon.com Inc and Walmart?s Flipkart, the latest setback for US-based e-commerce giants operating in the country."
"The Centre last week issued a gazette notification announcing that the CAA has come into effect from January 10, 2020"
"Mark Hamill announced he'd quit Facebook after the company said it wouldn't fact-check political ads before running them on the platform."
"Fresh investment comes at a time when CCI has ordered an investigation against Amazon and Walmart-owned Flipkart on complaints of deep discounting practices and tie-ups with preferred sellers"
"E-commerce giant Amazon has pumped in over Rs 1,700 crore into its payments and wholesale business units in India, as per regulatory documents. Amazon Pay India has received Rs 1,355 crore from Amazon Corporate Holdings Pvt Ltd and Amazon.com.incs.Limited, regulatory documents filed with the corporate affairs ministry showed."
"Amazon has committed $5.5 billion in India investments and sees the country as a key growth market"
"Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos, who is on a three-day visit to India, said on Wednesday that the e-commerce giant will use its global footprint to export $10 billion worth of 'Make In India' goods by 2025."
"Murthy, whose Catamaran Ventures is Amazon's partner in India, was speaking at the e-tailer's SMB event in presence of CEO Jeff Bezos"
"Numbers can provide great insight, sure. But human connection is still key.
       
"
"Jeff Bezos, the world's richest man, on Wednesday shared with Indian small and medium businesses his insights on taking risks to start a company, besides talking about his plans for space venture and how Amazon was the best place in the world to fail."
"President Donald Trump just slammed Apple for refusing to allow the US government access to the iPhones \"used by killers, drug dealers and other violent criminal elements.\""
"The National Security Agency recently alerted Microsoft to a major flaw in its Windows operating system that could let hackers pose as legitimate software companies, agency officials said on Tuesday."
"The proposals floated by MeitY include offering of interest subsidy on local borrowing by manufacturers"
"Ahead of Bezos' visit, the Competition Commission of India launched a probe into Amazon and Flipkart to look at allegations of deep discounts and whether the firms discriminate against small sellers"
"Amazon hasn't done India any big favours by investing $1 billion in the country, its trade minister said on Thursday, laying bare the tensions with the US online retail giant during a visit by its CEO Jeff Bezos."
"Google controls the way most of the world surfs the internet, with its Chrome browser accounting for more than half the global market. Now, it's planning to get rid of the way companies and advertisers track Chrome's millions of users."
"Larry Ellison's first year on the Tesla board has been very, very profitable."
"Minister's remarks come a day after Bezos announced $1 billion investment"
"Streaming continues to yield dividends in the variety of available content, with Apple TV+'s \"Little America\" offering a sharply executed anthology about immigrant experiences, and \"Diary of a Future President\" essentially serving up a better-than-average version of a Disney Channel show, only for Disney+."
"Shares of the Internet search giant are up nearly 17% over the last three months, outpacing a broader rally in the S&P 500 index over the same period by 6 percentage points."
"Commerce and industry minister Piyush Goyal on Thursday played down the $1 billion investment promised by Amazon boss Jeff Bezos, saying the money was meant to cover the losses that the e-commerce player had notched up in the country and it was not ?doing a favour?. He added that e-commerce companies needed to adhere to the rules ?in letter and spirit?."
"Sundar Pichai-led Alphabet, Google's parent company, has joined the elitist club of US companies with $1 trillion valuation which includes Apple, Microsoft and Amazon. The stock of the company closed at $1,451.70 on Thursday, taking the value to $1 trillion. The iPhone maker was the first US company to hit the $1 trillion threshold in 2018."
"Hiring talent would fill roles across Amazon in India, including software development engineering, cloud computing, content creation, and customer support"
"Amazon.com Inc said on Friday it planned to create 1 million jobs in India by 2025, a day after the country?s trade minister said the e-commerce giant?s recently unveiled $1 billion investment in the country was no big favour. Amazon said it would create new jobs in India through investments in infrastructure, technology and logistics."
"Goyal said that some people have misconstrued his remarks by suggesting that he had said something negative against Amazon"
NA
"Greco-Roman form of wrestling is considered to be the poorer cousin of the more popular freestyle form in India. There are very few success stories for the country in international competitions. In such a scenario, Gurpreet Singh gave a huge boost to India's Greco-Roman wrestlers on Friday."
"The error most notably appeared on the official Facebook page of Myanmar's civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi"
"Amazon comedies swept their way through early TV prizes at the Screen Actors Guild Awards, including the second consecutive best ensemble win for \"The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel\" and actor Tony Shalhoub, and Phoebe Waller-Bridge for the Emmy-winning \"Fleabag.\""
"E-commerce major Amazon India on Monday said its fleet of delivery vehicles in the country will include 10,000 EVs by 2025. Amazon's rival, Flipkart had in June last year said it aims to replace 40 per cent of its delivery vans with electric vehicles (EVs) by March this year."
"The fleet of 10,000 EVs will include three-wheelers and four-wheelers, which have been designed and manufactured in India"
"Discover what it takes to create an omnichannel digital marketing strategy.
       
"
"From Amazon's delivery fleet to HDFC Bank's retail loan growth, here are the top 10 business headlines for the day"
"Stating that media offers unique opportunities and synergies with telco, the analyst said Reliance has the dominant OTT platforms in India with content partnerships with Disney and Viacom."
"Even those who use Facebook features like unfriending, unfollowing, blocking and Take a Break still experience troubling encounters with ex-partners online, a new study shows."
"Business pages are still valuable, but the way to leverage them has changed.
       
"
"The illness has killed 1,770 in China and stricken some 70,500 people"
"Apple is to miss its revenue forecast for the March quarter due to the coronavirus epidemic, the US tech giant said Monday, warning that iPhone supplies worldwide would also be impacted, underlining the economic cost of the health crisis."
"Google said it is shutting its free Wi-Fi programme in India ? Station ? which was available across 400 railways stations. Started in 2015, this was one of the first initiatives Google had started in the country under its ?Next Billion Users? strategy. Google VP Caesar Sengupta said cheap data in the country was one of the primary reasons to shut down the service."
"Google Cloud VP and head of platform Amit Zavery says the company?s hybrid cloud is resonating well with its Indian customers. The solution, powered by open-source technologies, offers interoperability between all kinds of clouds ."
"Apple says demand for iPhones is also down in China because many of Apple's 42 retail stores there are closed or operating with reduced hours"
"Tesla CEO Elon Musk on Tuesday took a jibe at Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates after the world's second richest man declared he has bought his first electric vehicle -- Porsche Taycan."
"Microsoft launched its India operations in 1990 and for the past 30 years the company has played a major role in digital transformation of the country"
"Walmart Inc forecast slowing online growth for the year on Tuesday after reporting weak results for the holiday quarter that suggested it was leaking sales to Amazon.com. Holiday sales for brick-and-mortar retailers were disappointing as 2019 saw a majority of shoppers switch to online buying, helping Amazon report ?record? sales for the period."
"The company's total revenue rose 2.1 per cent to $141.67 billion, missing the estimate of $142.49 billion"
"\"Alexa, should I watch Frontline's documentary about Jeff Bezos and Amazon?\" The instant recognition that question evokes is a reminder of the company's power and reach, which the PBS program artfully demonstrates in a two-hour documentary that includes interviews with a number of past and current employees."
"Apple?s woes with the coronavirus outbreak are also playing out in India. The development has started impacting product imports and component supplies to Apple?s phone distributors and supplier factories in India."
"Edtech firm raises $110 mn in round led by General Atlantic, with participation from Flipkart CEO Kalyan Krishnamurthy, udaan co-founder Sujeet Kumar among others"
"\"Hunters\" is such an enticing premise as to overcome its execution problems, at least for a while. But the tone of this Amazon series -- which counts Al Pacino among its ensemble cast -- varies wildly, leaving behind a show that isn't bad, but which really should be a whole lot better."
"Here's how a digital-first approach helps one company compete against some of the world's biggest tech giants like Apple and Samsung.
       
"
"The Competition Commission of India in January ordered a probe into alleged violations of competition law and certain discounting practices by the two e-commerce giants"
"Walmart's Flipkart has filed a legal challenge against an antitrust investigation ordered against the company in India, a court filing seen by Reuters showed, following a similar petition by its rival Amazon.com Inc."
